The state tree is the Longleaf Pine , the state flower is the Camellia . 
The film largely consisted of a stick figure moving about and encountering all manner of morphing objects , such as a wine bottle that transforms into a flower . 
Apollo changed her into an incense plant , either heliotrope or sunflower , which follows the sun every day . 
Out of Hyacinthus ' blood , Apollo created a flower named after him as a memorial to his death , and his tears stained the flower petals with " " " " , meaning alas . 
Cut flowers , nursery plants , tropical fish and birds for the pet trade are some of the ornamental products . 
The orchid takes advantage of this mating arrangement to get the male bee to collect and disseminate its pollen ; parts of its flower not only resemble the appearance of sand bees , but also produce large quantities of the three alkanes in the same ratio as female sand bees . 
Metonymy involves the use of the name of a subcomponent part as an abbreviation , or jargon , for the name of the whole object ( for example " wheels " to refer to a car , or " flowers " to refer to beautiful offspring , an entire plant , or a collection of blooming plants ) . 
In central and northern Alberta the arrival of spring brings the prairie crocus anemone , the three flowered avens , golden bean , wild rose and other early flowers . 
The advancing summer introduces many flowers of the sunflower family , until in August the plains are one blaze of yellow and purple . 
The southern and east central parts of Alberta are covered by a short , nutritious grass , which dries up as summer lengthens , to be replaced by hardy perennials such as the prairie coneflower , fleabane , and sage . 
The word " aikido " is formed of three kanji : The term connects the practice of aikido with the philosophical concept of " Tao " , which can be found in martial arts such as judo and kendo , and in more peaceful arts such as Japanese calligraphy ( ) , flower arranging ( ) and tea ceremony ( ) . 
An annual plant is a plant that usually germinates flowers and dies in one year . 
Some seedless plants can also be considered annuals even though they do not grow a flower . 
Examples of true annuals include corn , lettuce , pea , cauliflower , watermelon , bean , zinnia and marigold . 
Summer annuals sprout , flower and die within the same spring/ summer/ fall ! 
Winter annuals die after flowering and setting seed , the seeds wait to germinate until the soil temperature is cool again in the fall or winter . 
The anthophytes were thought to be a clade comprising plants bearing flower-like structures . 
The group contained the angiosperms - the extant flowering plants - as well as the Gnetales and the extinct Bennettitales . 
Several Buddhist traditions may have been influenced by the ancient Greek religion ; the concept of Boddhisatvas is reminiscent of Greek divine heroes , and some Mahayana ceremonial practices ( burning incense , gifts of flowers and food placed on altars ) are similar to those practiced by the ancient Greeks . 
Asparagales is an order of flowering plants . 
Alismatales is an order of flowering plants . 
The flowers are usually arranged in inflorescences , and the mature seeds lack endosperm . 
The Apiales are an order of flowering plants . 
The Asterales are an order of dicotyledonous flowering plants which include the composite family Asteraceae ( sunflowers , daisies , thistles etc. ) and its related families . 
The Asteraceae include some species grown for food , including sunflower ( " Helianthus annuus " ) , lettuce ( " Lactuca sativa " ) and chicory ( " Cichorium " ) . 
These include Jänner ( January ) rather than " Januar " , heuer ( this year ) rather than " dieses Jahr " and a whole series of foods and vegetables such as : Erdäpfel ( potatoes ) German " Kartoffeln " ( but Dutch " Aardappel " ) , Schlagobers ( whipped cream ) German " Schlagsahne " , Faschiertes ( ground beef ) German " Hackfleisch " , Fisolen ( green beans ) German " Gartenbohne " , Karfiol ( cauliflower ) German " Blumenkohl " , Karotte ( carrot ) German " Möhre " , Kohlsprossen ( Brussels sprouts ) German " Rosenkohl " , Marillen ( apricots ) German " Aprikosen " , Paradeiser ( tomatoes ) German " Tomaten " , Palatschinken ( pancakes ) German " Pfannkuchen " , Topfen ( a semi-sweet cottage cheese ) German " Quark " and Kren ( horseradish ) German " Meerrettich " . 
Nobel 's third and long-lasting love was with a flower girl named Sofie Hess , also from Vienna . 
Flax plants , uprooted before they started flowering , were grown for the fibers of their stems . 
The lyrics for the single from this album , " Även en blomma " ( Even a Flower ) , deal with environmental issues . 
Willy Brandt was a strong advocate of Speer 's , supporting his release , sending flowers to his daughter on the day of his release , and putting an end to the de-Nazification proceedings against Speer , which could have caused his property to be confiscated . 
Alliaceae is a family of herbaceous perennial flowering plants . 
The family Asteraceae or " 'Compositae ( known as the " 'aster , " 'daisy , or " 'sunflower family ) is the largest family of flowering plants , in terms of number of species . 
Flowers . 
The most evident characteristic of Asteraceae is perhaps their inflorescence : a specialised " capitulum " , technically called a " calathid " or " calathidium " , but generally referred to as " flower head " or , alternatively , simply " capitulum " . 
The " capitulum " is a contracted raceme composed of numerous individual sessile flowers , called the " florets " , all sharing the same receptacle . 
The capitulum of the Asteraceae has evolved many characteristics that make it look superficially like a big single flower . 
This kind of flower-like inflorescences are quite widespread amongst plants and have been given the name of " pseudanthia " . 
Commercially important plants in the Asteraceae include the food crops " Lactuca sativa " ( lettuce ) , " Cichorium " ( chicory ) , " Cynara scolymus " ( globe artichoke ) , " Helianthus annuus " ( sunflower ) , " Smallanthus sonchifolius " ( yacón ) , " Carthamus tinctorius " ( safflower ) and " Helianthus tuberosus " ( Jerusalem artichoke ) . 
Many members of the family are grown as ornamental plants for their flowers and some are important ornamental crops for the cut flower industry . 
" Centaurea " ( knapweed ) , " Helianthus annuus " ( domestic sunflower ) , and some species of " Solidago " ( goldenrod ) are major " honey plants " for beekeepers . 
The small flowers are radially symmetrical with 5 small sepals , 5 petals and 5 stamens . 
The cultivated plants in this category are almost all considered good companion plants , as the umbrella of tiny flowers attracts omnivorous beneficial insects , especially parasitic wasps and predatory flies , which then will hunt insect pests on nearby crops . 
In large part , this is because the tiny flowers forming the umbers , for which the group is named , are perfectly suited for parasitic wasps and predatory flies , which actually drink nectar when not reproducing . 
In the Alps , several species of flowering plants have been recorded above , including " Ranunculus glacialis " , " Androsace alpina " and " Saxifraga biflora " . 
Arecales is an order of flowering plants . 
The traditional etymology from the Latin " aperire " , " to open , " in allusion to its being the season when trees and flowers begin to " open , " is supported by comparison with the modern Greek use of áÂ ( opening ) for spring . 
The birthstone of April is the diamond , and the birth flower is typically listed as either the Daisy or the Sweet Pea . 
August 's flower is the gladiolus or poppy , and its birthstone is the peridot . 
In 1948 in an apartment in Harlem , Ginsberg had an auditory hallucination of William Blake reading his poems " Ah , Sunflower " , " The Sick Rose " , and " Little Girl Lost " ( later referred to as his " Blake vision " ) . 
" Carl Solomon introduced Ginsberg to the work of Antonin Artaud ( " To Have Done with the Judgement of God " and " Van Gogh : The Man Suicided by Society " ) , and Jean Genet ( " Our Lady of the Flowers " ) . 
Just as it is the custom of French people , of all ranks and creeds , to decorate the graves of their dead on the " jour des morts " , so German people stream to the graveyards once a year with offerings of flowers and among Czech people the custom of visiting and tidying graves of relatives on the day is quite common even among atheists . 
The flowers are white or pale pink , 3â5cm diameter with five petals , produced singly or in pairs before the leaves in early spring . 
The fruit is mature in the autumn , 7â8 months after flowering . 
There are two forms of the plant , one ( often with white flowers ) producing sweet almonds , and the other ( often with pink flowers ) producing bitter almonds . 
Historically , almond syrup was an emulsion of sweet and bitter almonds usually made with barley syrup ( orgeat syrup ) or in a syrup of orange-flower water and sugar . 
In the Old Testament , the almond was a symbol of watchfulness and promise due to its early flowering , symbolizing God 's sudden and rapid punishment of His people ; in Jeremiah 1:11-12 , for instance . 
In Numbers 17 Levi is chosen from the other tribes of Israel by Aaron 's rod , which brought forth almond flowers . 
The almond blossom supplied a model for the menorah which stood in the Holy Temple , " Three cups , shaped like almond blossoms , were on one branch , with a knob and a flower ; and three cups , shaped like almond blossoms , were on the other ... on the candlestick itself were four cups , shaped like almond blossoms , with its knobs and flowers " ( Exodus 25:33-34 ; 37:19-20 ) . 
He also introduced the Fish team to Tommy Flowers who under the guidance of Max Newman , went on to build the Colossus computer , the world 's first programmable digital electronic computer , which replaced simpler prior machines ( including the " Heath Robinson " ) and whose superior speed allowed the brute-force decryption techniques to be applied usefully to the daily-changing cyphers . 
The Sarnath pillar is a column surmounted by a capital , which consists of a canopy representing an inverted bell-shaped lotus flower , a short cylindrical abacus with four 24-spoked Dharma wheels with four animals ( an elephant , a bull , a horse , a lion ) . 
However , during the time of Arianism 's flowering in Constantinople , the Gothic convert Ulfilas ( later the subject of the letter of Auxentius cited above ) was sent as a missionary to the Gothic barbarians across the Danube , a mission favored for political reasons by emperor Constantius II . 
Fragments of wood frequently occur , with the tissues well-preserved by impregnation with the resin ; while leaves , flowers and fruits are occasionally found in marvelous perfection . 
Alder is the common name of a genus of flowering plants ( " Alnus " ) belonging to the birch family ( Family Betulaceae ) . 
The flowers are catkins with elongate male catkins on the same plant as shorter female catkins , often before leaves appear ; they are mainly wind-pollinated , but also visited by bees to a small extent . 
The small flowers have five very small petals , almost hidden by the long stamens , and are arranged in dense globular or cylindrical clusters ; they are yellow or cream-colored in most species , whitish in some , even purple ( " Acacia purpureapetala " ) or red ( " Acacia leprosa " Scarlet Blaze ) . 
" Acacia " flowers can be distinguished from those of a large related genus , " Albizia " , by their stamens which are not joined at the base . 
Also , unlike individual " Mimosa " flowers , those of " Acacia " have more than 10 stamens. . 
Honey made by bees using the acacia flower as forage is considered a delicacy , appreciated for its mild flowery taste , soft running texture and glass-like appearance . 
A few species are widely grown as ornamentals in gardens ; the most popular perhaps is " Acacia dealbata " ( Silver Wattle ) , with its attractive glaucous to silvery leaves and bright yellow flowers ; it is erroneously known as " mimosa " in some areas where it is cultivated , through confusion with the related genus " Mimosa " . 
Southern European florists use " Acacia baileyana " , " Acacia dealbata " , " Acacia pycnantha " and " Acacia retinodes " as cut flowers and the common name there for them is mimosa . 
Also , when God gave Moses the instructions for building the Tabernacle , he said to " make an ark of acacia wood " and " make a table of acacia wood " ( Exodus 25:10 & 23 , Revised Standard Version ) In Russia , Italy and other countries it is customary to present women with yellow mimosas ( among other flowers ) on International Women 's Day ( March 8 ) . 
He also spent a week in Colorado , with the American botanist Alice Eastwood as his guide , exploring the flora of the Rocky Mountains and gathering evidence that would lead him to a theory on how glaciation might explain certain commonalities between the mountain flora of Europe , Asia and North America , which he published in 1891 in the paper " English and American Flowers " . 
The word comes from the Greek ( ÁÂ or ÁÄÂ ) the " one that does not wither , " or the never-fading ( flower ) . 
Infrageneric classification focuses on inflorescence , flower characters and whether a species is monoecious/ dioecious , as in the Sauer ( 1955 ) suggested classification . 
The flowers of the 'Hopi Red Dye ' amaranth were used by the Hopi Amerindians as the source of a deep red dye . 
The genus also contains several well-known ornamental plants , such as " A. caudatus " ( love-lies-bleeding ) , a native of India and a vigorous , hardy annual with dark purplish flowers crowded in handsome drooping spikes . 
Another Indian annual , " A. hypochondriacus " ( prince 's feather ) , has deeply-veined lance-shaped leaves , purple on the under face , and deep crimson flowers densely packed on erect spikes . 
1500. The original spelling is " amarant " ; the more common spelling " amaranth " seems to have come from a folk etymology assuming that the final syllable derives from the Greek word " anthos " ( " flower " ) , common in botanical names . 
It has a short stem bearing a tuft of long , narrow , arching leaves 10-35 cm long and 1-2 cm broad , and a central flower stalk 25-60 cm tall , ending in an umbel of 20-30 white , or bright blue , funnel-shaped flowers , each flower 2.5-5 cm diameter . 
Several cultivars are known , such as 'Albus ' ( with white flowers ) , 'Sapphire ' ( dark blue flowers ) , 'Aureus ' ( leaves striped with yellow ) , and 'Variegatus ' ( leaves almost entirely white with a few green bands ) . 
There are also double-flowered and larger- and smaller-flowered cultivars . 
The small yellow to greenish flowers are borne on branched panicles they turn reddish later in the year and eventually brown they stay on the tree for a long time ; the male flowers have a strong odour . 
From his blood sprang a red flower , as at the death of Hyacinthus , which bore on its leaves the initial letters of his name " Ai , " also expressive of lament ( Pausanias 1.35.4 ) . 
Aberdeen 's success in the Britain in Bloom competitions is often attributed to Johnston Gardens , a small park of one hectare in the west end of the city containing many different flowers and plants which have been renowned for their beauty . 
" 'Aloe " ' , also written " Aloë " , is a genus containing about four hundred species of flowering succulent plants . 
" Aloe " flowers are tubular , frequently yellow , pink or red and are borne on densely clustered , simple or branched leafless stems . 
It is often confused with " Hippeastrum " , a flowering bulb commonly sold in the winter months for its ability to bloom indoors . 
In late summer ( August in zone 7 ) each bulb produces one or two leafless stems 30-60 cm tall , each of which bear a cluster of 2 to 12 funnel-shaped flowers at their tops . 
Each flower is 6-10 cm diameter with six tepals ( three outer sepals , three inner petals , with similar appearance to each other ) . 
This pattern of flowering at a different time from when foliage appears is the cause of its common name " naked lady " . 
Adding to the name confusion , some bulbs of other species with a similar growth and flowering pattern are also sometimes called by another common name for this plant , " naked ladies " , even though those species have their own more widely used and accepted common names , such as the Resurrection Lily ( " Lycoris squamigera " ) . 
NCCAM suggests " using aromatherapy therapy in which the scent of essential oils from flowers , herbs , and trees is inhaled in an attempt to promote health and well-being and to help lessen a patient 's discomfort following surgery " as an example of complementary medicine . 
" In defining complementary medicine in the UK , the House of Lords Select Committee determined that the following therapies were the most often used to complement conventional medicine : Alexander technique , Aromatherapy , Bach and other flower remedies , Body work therapies including massage , Counselling stress therapies , hypnotherapy , Meditation , Reflexology , Shiatsu , Maharishi Ayurvedic medicine , Nutritional medicine , and Yoga . 
An example is the gene for blossom color in many species of flower - a single gene controls the color of the petals , but there may be several different versions ( or alleles ) of the gene . 
The resulting color of an individual flower will depend on which two alleles it possesses for the gene and how the two interact . 
An example of this would be seen if , when crossing Antirrhinums - flowers with incompletely dominant " red " and " white " alleles for petal color - the resulting offspring had pink petals . 
Another exception is co-dominance , where both alleles are active and both traits are expressed at the same time ; for example , both red and white petals in the same bloom or red and white flowers on the same plant . 
It is very diverse ecologically/ biologically and is home to a variety of beautiful animals and plants , notably the wildflowers that blossom throughout the year but especially in the spring , including the popular bluebonnets , some planted in an effort by Lady Bird Johnson . 
Conscious and calm , Anne died at about two o'clock in the afternoon , Monday , 28 May 1849. Over the following few days , Charlotte made the decision to " lay the flower where it had fallen " . 
" Floria Aemilia " is the name supplied by novelist Jostein Gaarder in " That Same Flower " . 
So they decided to designed a TRS-80 and CP/ M software compatible computer system , which ( following the lead of Apple Computer ) they decided to name after a " typical Dutch flower " . 
Perhaps the Aster computer inspired another Dutch computer firm to name their computer after another typical Dutch flower - the Tulip 's Tulip system 1 which appeared about the same time Aster folded . 
2009. On December 4 , 2008 , the Atlanta Braves received Javier Vázquez and Boone Logan , while the Chicago White Sox received prospects catcher Tyler Flowers , shortstop Brent Lillibridge , third baseman Jon Gilmore and pitcher Santos Rodriguez . 
Other vegetables included century plant crowns and flower shoots , yucca blossoms , tule rootstocks , amole stalks , bear grass stalks , cattail rootstocks , narrowleaf yucca stalks , and sotol crowns . 
The seeds from various plants were also commonly utilized : pine nuts ( western white pine , western yellow pine , pinyon pine ) , anglepod , dropseed , pigweed , spurge , sunflower seeds , tumbleweed , unicorn plant . 
To conclude the summary of infusions consumed in Argentina , it must be said that medicinal herbs are common in the whole country ; among the most popular are : chamomile , lanceleaf , " boldo " , " poleo " , " peperina " , " carqueja " , thyme , " canchalagua " , rue ( " macho " and " hembra " , that is , " male " and " female " ) , mallow , rosemary , passion flower , " bira bira " , " palán palán " , " muña muña " , to mention only the main ones . 
Recently , crops used for vegetable oil production such as sunflower and peanuts have gained favour . 
Though he planted trees and flowers in Yalta , kept dogs and tame cranes , and received guests such as Leo Tolstoy and Maxim Gorky , Chekhov was always relieved to leave his " hot Siberia " for Moscow or travels abroad . 
The word " apoptosis " ( Greek spelling of apoptosis ) is used in Greek to describe the " dropping off " or " falling off " of petals from flowers , or leaves from trees . 
He specialised in painting still lifes with flowers . 
Bosschaert became one of the first artists to specialise in still life , and in doing so he started a tradition of painting detailed flower bouquets , which typically consisted of tulips , roses and an exotic species . 
It may not be a coincidence that this trend coincided with a national obsession with exotic flowers which made flower portraits highly sought after . 
Ants evolved from wasp-like ancestors in the mid-Cretaceous period between 110 and 130million years ago and diversified after the rise of flowering plants . 
After the rise of flowering plants about 100million years ago they diversified and assumed ecological dominance around 60million years ago . 
He was nicknamed " 'Áed of the White Flowers , " 'the Wing-footed ( ) or " 'the white-foot ( ) . 
It is important in ferns and in flowering plants , but is very rare in other seed plants . 
In flowering plants , the term " apomixis " is now most often used for agamospermy , the formation of seeds without fertilization , but was once used to include vegetative reproduction . 
' Euan MacKie would place the origin even later , stating : " ... the genesis and modern flowering of archaeoastronomy must surely lie in the work of Alexander Thom in Britain between the 1930s and the 1970s . 
According to the artist , " the flowers reflect the various types of sidechains that each amino acid holds out to the world " . 
The most common symbol , adopted for about twenty years , had been a white lozenge with the flower inside . 
During the season they were Italian champions , the lozenge disappeared and the flower was overlapped with the scudetto . 
Pilgrims from all over the world unite to parade behind the image of Christ on a three-hour procession along the flower decorated streets of the city . 
During the campaign for the New Hampshire Primary reports of an extramarital affair with Gennifer Flowers surfaced . 
Throughout his career , Clinton has been subject to various allegations of sexual misconduct , though only his extramarital sexual relationships with Lewinsky and Flowers have been admitted by him . 
Gennifer Flowers , Elizabeth Ward Gracen , Sally Perdue and Dolly Kyle Browning - claimed to have had adulterous sexual relations with Clinton during or before his service as governor . 
The flower of the hop vine is used as a flavouring and preservative agent in nearly all beer made today . 
The flowers themselves are often called " hops " . 
Patterns which can be stitched using 3D beading range from animals , hearts , flowers , and jewelry , to name a few . 
Nectar feeders such as hummingbirds , sunbirds , lories , and lorikeets amongst others have specially adapted brushy tongues and in many cases bills designed to fit co-adapted flowers . 
Plants and pollinating birds often coevolve , and in some cases a flower 's primary pollinator is the only species capable of reaching its nectar . 
Production of the most important crops ( according to the FAO ) in 2006 ( in '000 tons ) amounted to : wheat 3301.9 ; sunflower 1196.6 ; maize 1587.8 ; grapes 266.2 ; tobacco 42.0 ; tomatoes 213.0 ; barley 546.3 ; potatoes 386.1 ; peppers 156.7 ; cucumbers 61.5 ; cherries 18.2 ; watermelons 136.0 ; cabbage 72.7 ; apples 26.1 ; plums 18.0 ; strawberries 8.8 . 
A biennial plant is a flowering plant that takes two years to complete its biological lifecycle . 
Many biennials require a cold treatment , or vernalization , before they will flower . 
The plant then flowers , producing fruits and seeds before it finally dies . 
This is quite common in vegetable or flower seedlings that were exposed to cold conditions , or vernalized , before they were planted in the ground . 
Flowering can be induced in some biennials without vernalization by application of the plant hormone " gibberellin " , but this is rarely done commercially . 
Biennials grown for flowers , fruits , or seeds need to be grown for two years . 
True biennials flower only once , while many perennials will flower every year once mature . 
Plant breeders have produced annual cultivars of several biennials that will flower the first year from seed , e. g. foxglove and stock . 
The " 'Bromeliales " ' is the botanical name of an order of flowering plants . 
The Brassicales are an order of flowering plants , belonging to the eurosids II group of dicotyledons under the APG II system . 
Flower . 
The national flower is the Pride of Barbados or " Caesalpinia pulcherrima " ( L. ) Sw . 
The Golden Shield in the coat of arms carries two " Pride of Barbados " flowers and the " bearded " fig tree ( " Ficus citrifolia " or " Ficus barbata " ) , which was common on the island at the time of its settlement by the British and may have contributed to Barbados being so named . 
The national flower of Belize is the black orchid ( " Prosthechea cochleata " ) , also known as " Encyclia cochleata " ) . 
There is a considerable number of Latin loans ( sometimes obscured by being subject to Basque phonology and grammar for centuries ) , for example : " lore " ( " flower " , from " florem " ) , " errota " ( " mill " , from " rotam " , " mill wheel " ) , " gela " ( " room " , from " cellam " ) . 
During 1968 the two composed a couple of songs together : " A Flower In My Garden " , recorded by Hep Stars , and Stig Anderson wrote lyrics for their first 'real ' hit " Ljuva Sextiotal " , a song submitted for the 1969 Swedish heats for Eurovision Song Contest -but rejected ; the song - a cabarét-style ironic song about the 1960s - was recorded by diva Brita Borg . 
Polar artist Arne Lamberts Swedish version of " A Flower In My Garden " - " Fröken Blåklint " was one of Björn & Bennys first in-house productions . 
Gates was listed in the " Sunday Times " power list in 1999 , named CEO of the year by " Chief Executive Officers magazine " in 1994 , ranked number one in the " Top 50 Cyber Elite " by " Time " in 1998 , ranked number two in the " Upside " Elite 100 in 1999 and was included in " The Guardian " as one of the " Top 100 influential people in media " in 2001. Gates has received honorary doctorates from Nyenrode Business Universiteit , Breukelen , The Netherlands in 2000 , the Royal Institute of Technology , Stockholm , Sweden in 2002 , Waseda University , Tokyo , Japan in 2005 , Harvard University in June 2007 , and from Karolinska Institutet , Stockholm , in January 2008. Gates was also made an honorary Knight Commander of the Order of the British Empire ( KBE ) by Queen Elizabeth II in 2005 , in addition to having entomologists name the Bill Gates flower fly , " Eristalis gatesi " , in his honor . 
Brassicaceae or " 'Cruciferae , also known as the " 'crucifers , the " 'mustard family or " 'cabbage family is a family of flowering plants ( Angiospermae ) . 
Cruciferae is an older name , meaning " cross-bearing " , because the four petals of their flowers are reminiscent of a cross . 
) The family contains well-known species such as " Brassica oleracea " ( cabbage , cauliflower ... ) , " Brassica rapa " ( turnip , Chinese cabbage ... ) , " Brassica napus " ( rapeseed ... ) , " Raphanus sativus " ( common radish ) , " Armoracia rusticana " ( horseradish ) , " Matthiola"(stock ) , " Arabidopsis thaliana " ( model genetic organism ) and many others . 
The structure of the " 'flowers is extremely uniform throughout the family . 
They have six stamens , four of which are longer ( as long as the petals , so relatively short in fact ) and are arranged in a cross like the petals and the other two are shorter ( " 'tetradynamous flower ) . 
The flowers form ebracteate racemose inflorescences , often apically corymb-like . 
Some examples of cruciferous food plants are the cabbage , broccoli , cauliflower , turnip , rapeseed , mustard , radish , horseradish , cress and watercress . 
" Matthiola " ( stock ) , " Cheiranthus " , " Alyssum " and " Iberis " ( candytufts ) are appreciated for their flowers . 
" Arabidopsis thaliana " is arguably the most important model organism in the study of the flowering plants ( Angiospermae ) . 
Another early version of the game was recorded in the 1850s in the southern Indian city of Tanjore , called " pooppanthu vilayattam " ( Tamil for " flower-ball game " ) in which balls made of wool and cardboard were used in the place of the modern-day shuttlecock . 
The musical theme predominantly used on British Airways advertising is " Flower Duet " by Léo Delibes . 
However , " Flower Duet " is still used by the airline , and has been through several different arrangements since 1989. The most recent was introduced in 2007 , along with the current advertising slogan , " Upgrade to British Airways " . 
In a letter to Bishop Maximilian of Syracuse , Gregory states his intention for his " Dialogues " , saying they are a kind of " floretum " ( an " anthology " , literally , âflowersâ ) of the most striking miracles of Italian holy men . 
His paternal ancestors , Thomas Prence and Patience Brewster , were born in England and immigrated to the U. S. in the 17th century ; Brewster 's family came over on the " Mayflower " . 
Colossus was designed and built by Tommy Flowers and his team at the Post Office Research Station at Dollis Hill . 
The Kurdish biologist Al-Dinawari ( 828-896 ) is considered the founder of Arabic botany for his " Book of Plants " , in which he described at least 637 plants and discussed plant evolution from its birth to its death , describing the phases of plant growth and the production of flowers and fruit . 
In 1998 the Angiosperm Phylogeny Group published a phylogeny of flowering plants based on an analysis of DNA sequences from most families of flowering plants . 
Though Charlton was a candidate to go in goal to replace Wood ( in the days before substitutes , and certainly before goalkeeping substitutes ) , it was team-mate Jackie Blanchflower who ended up between the posts . 
Gregg returned to the plane to try to help the appallingly injured Busby and Blanchflower and when he turned around again , he was relieved to see that Charlton and Viollet , both of whom he had presumed to be dead , had got out of their detached seats and were looking into the wreckage . 
The deeply scarred and cauliflower eared figure of the Boxer of Quirinal show what a brutal sport it could be ( matches often ending in the death or maiming of an opponent ) . 
The practice of decorating the May Bush or " Dos Bhealtaine " with flowers , ribbons , garlands and colored egg shells has survived to some extent among the diaspora as well , most notably in Newfoundland , and in some Easter traditions observed on the East Coast of the United States . 
Making use of the musical tritone , also known as " The Devil 's Interval " , the song 's ominous sound and dark lyrics pushed the band in a darker direction , a stark contrast to the popular music of the late 1960s , which was dominated by flower power , folk music , and hippie culture . 
The first complete record played on Radio 1 was " Flowers in the Rain " by The Move ( although technically the first music played was " Theme One " by George Martin leading into part of " Beefeaters ( On Parade ) " by Johnny Dankworth , Blackburn 's signature tune carried over from pirate radio ) . 
There has been some speculation that the inclusion of " Flowers in the Rain " was intended to signal the end of the " flower power " " Summer of Love " of 1967. The breakfast show remains the most prized slot in the Radio 1 schedule , with every change of breakfast show presenter exciting considerable media interest . 
While a whirlpool functions through the use of centrifugal forces , a hopback uses a layer of fresh hop flowers in a confined space to act as a filter bed to remove trub ( pronounced tr-oo-b , tr-uh-b in the UK ) . 
Furthermore , while a whirlpool is only useful for the removal of pelleted hops ( as flowers do n't tend to separate as easily ) , hopbacks are generally used only for the removal of whole flower hops ( as the particles left by pellets tend to make it through the hopback . 
With the new contract , the band appeared rejuvenated , releasing the album " Sunflower " to critical acclaim . 
The band experienced their worst chart performance ever , not even making the top 100. After " Sunflower " , the band hired Jack Rieley as their manager . 
Potatoes , tomatos , rice , tobacco , lettuce , safflowers , and other plants have been genetically-engineered to produce insulin and certain vaccines . 
For example , Calgary , Canada-based reports that its safflower-produced insulin will reduce unit costs by over 25 % or more and approximates a reduction in the capital costs associated with building a commercial-scale insulin manufacturing facility of over $100 million , compared to traditional biomanufacturing facilities . 
There are about 15,000 species of flowering plants with 3,000 species of trees ( 267 species are dipterocarps ) , 221 species of terrestrial mammals and 420 species of resident birds in Borneo ( MacKinnon et al . 
They are found on every continent except Antarctica , in every habitat on the planet that contains insect-pollinated flowering plants . 
Bees have a long proboscis ( a complex " tongue " ) that enables them to obtain the nectar from flowers . 
Bees play an important role in pollinating flowering plants , and are the major type of pollinator in ecosystems that contain flowering plants . 
Visiting flowers can be a dangerous occupation . 
Many assassin bugs and crab spiders hide in flowers to capture unwary bees . 
The switch from insect prey to pollen may have resulted from the consumption of prey insects that were flower visitors and were partially covered with pollen when they were fed to the wasp larvae . 
The earliest animal-pollinated flowers were pollinated by insects such as beetles , so the syndrome of insect pollination was well established before bees first appeared . 
There is , however , a pronounced tendency for oligolectic bees to be associated with common , widespread plants which are visited by multiple pollinators ( e. g. , there are some 40 oligoleges associated with creosotebush in the US desert southwest , and a similar pattern is seen in sunflowers , asters , mesquite , etc. ) Solitary bees create nests in hollow reeds or twigs , holes in wood , or , most commonly , in tunnels in the ground . 
Many are pollinators of flowers that themselves are crepuscular , such as evening primroses , and some live in desert habitats where daytime temperatures are extremely high . 
Bats perform a vital ecological role by pollinating flowers , and also serve an important role in seed dispersal . 
This is beneficial to them in terms of pollination and feeding - their long narrow tongues can reach deep into the long cup shape of some flowers . 
A number of music notables sent flowers , including : George Thorogood , Tom Petty , and Jerry Lee Lewis . 
" During production of Chaplin 's film " City Lights " in 1929-30 , Hale , who by then was Chaplin 's closest companion , was called in to replace Virginia Cherrill as the flower girl . 
For example , it can be used to calculate the amount of area taken up by an irregularly shaped flower bed or swimming pool when designing the layout of a piece of property . 
Colombia is also known as the world 's leading source of emeralds , while over 70 % of cut flowers imported by the United States are Colombian . 
Tourists are also drawn to Colombia 's numerous festivals , including Medellín 's Festival of the Flowers , the Barranquilla Carnival , the Carnival of Blacks and Whites in Pasto and the Ibero-American Theater Festival in Bogotá . 
Prominent examples of Colombia 's festivals include the Barranquilla Carnival , the Carnival of Blacks and Whites , Medellín 's Festival of the Flowers and Bogotá 's Ibero-American Theater Festival The mixing of various different ethnic traditions is reflected in Colombia 's music and dance . 
Successors to ASCII have included 8-bit characters ( for letters of European languages and such things as card suit symbols ) , and in fullest flowering have included characters from essentially all of the world 's writing systems ( see Unicode and UTF-8 ) . 
They have the dental formula : Cheirogaleids are omnivores , eating fruits , flowers and leaves ( and sometimes nectar ) as well as insects , spiders and small vertebrates . 
In some portraits of Linnaeus , including three with this article , he is shown bearing a sprig of Twinflower , one of his favorite plants , named in his honor in his lifetime , by Jan Frederik Gronovius ( 1686-1762 ) , Dutch botanist notable as a patron of Linnaeus , as " Linnaea borealis " . 
The backside of the note shows a bee pollinating a flower created using a photo by Lennart Nilsson , with a background showing stylized images of the fertilisation of flowers , along with a reconstruction of how a flower appears through the multi-faceted eyes of a fly . 
Common vegetables such as cabbage , kale , broccoli , cauliflower , kohlrabi and Brussels sprouts are all descendants of the wild cabbage plant . 
Broccoli was bred by selecting for large flower stalks . 
His reign and the era it ushered in are often referred to as the Carolingian Renaissance because of the flowering of scholarship , literature , art , and architecture which characterise it . 
Commonly used fats and oils include butter ; olive oil ; vegetable oils such as sunflower oil , corn oil , and safflower oil ; animal fats such as lard , schmaltz , and beef fat ( both dripping and tallow ) ; and seed oils such as rapeseed oil ( Canola or mustard oil ) , sesame oil , soybean oil , and peanut oil . 
Other materials used are pearl cotton , Danish flower thread , silk and Rayon . 
The small white flowers form small umbels , 2.5-5cm across . 
The leaves are hollow tubular , up to 50 cm long , and 2-3 mm in diameter , with a soft texture , although , prior to the emergence of a flower from a leaf , it may appear stiffer than usual . 
The flowers are pale purple , star-shaped with six tepals , 1-2 cm wide , and produced in a dense inflorescence of 10-30 together ; before opening , the inflorescence is surrounded by a papery bract . 
The herb flowers from April to May in the southern parts of its habitat zones and in June in the northern parts . 
There have been significant differences among specimens : one example was found in northern Maine growing solitary , instead of in clumps , also exhibiting dingy grey flowers . 
Albeit repulsive to insects in general , due to its sulfur compounds , its flowers are attractive to bees , and it is sometimes kept to increase desired insect life . 
The flowers may also be used to garnish dishes . 
Retzius also describes how farmers would plant chives between the rocks making up the borders of their flowerbeds , to keep the plants free from pests ( such as Japanese beetles ) . 
Its flowers are attractive to bees , which are important for gardens with an abundance of plants in need of pollination . 
Chives are cultivated both for its culinary uses as well as its ornamental value ; the violet flowers are often used in ornamental dry bouquets . 
Commelinales is the botanical name of an order of flowering plants . 
" 'Cyperales " ' is a botanical name for an order of flowering plants . 
The Cucurbitales are an order of flowering plants , included in the rosid group of dicotyledons . 
One of major characteristics of the Cucurbitales is the presence of unisexual flowers , mostly pentacyclic , with thick pointed petals ( whenever present ) ( Matthews and Endress , 2004 ) . 
The national flower is the copihue ( " Lapageria rosea " , Chilean bellflower ) , which grows in the woods of southern Chile . 
) agriculture 2.7 % , industry 32.8 % , services 64.5 % ( 2004 ) Household income or consumption by percentage share : Distribution of family income - Gini index : $19.2 billion ( 104.5 billion Kuna)2007 ( official figure ) projected for 2008 - 115.2 billion Kuna ( 21.95 billion USD ) $19.75 billion , ( 108.6 billion Kuna ) 2007(official figure ) projected 3doe 2008 - 120.5 billion Kuna ( 22.9 billion USD ) wheat , corn , sugar beets , sunflower seed , barley , alfalfa , clover , olives , citrus , grapes , soybeans , potatoes ; livestock , dairy products chemicals and plastics , machine tools , fabricated metal , electronics , pig iron and rolled steel products , aluminium , paper , wood products , construction materials , textiles , shipbuilding , petroleum and petroleum refining , food and beverages ; tourism 69.14 million barrel ( 1 January 2006 ) 1.477 billion cu m ( 2005 est . 
Common vegetable preparations include potatoes in olive oil and parsley , pickled cauliflower and beets , asparagus and " kolokassi " . 
At the same time , new groups of mammals and birds as well as flowering plants appeared . 
Flowering plants ( angiosperms ) spread during this period , although they did not become predominant until the Campanian stage near the end of the epoch . 
But serious black comedies ( also known as dramatic comedies or dramedies ) were performing also well , such as " The Weather Man " , " Broken Flowers " and " Shopgirl " . 
After the shock of the Battle of Adrianople in 378 , in which the emperor Valens with the flower of the Roman armies was destroyed by the Visigoths within a few days ' march , the city looked to its defenses , and Theodosius II built in 413â414 the 18 metre ( 60ft ) tall triple-wall fortifications which were never to be breached until the coming of gunpowder . 
This is home to rare plants , such as the Cornish Heath , which has been adopted as the county flower . 
While some ( " The Famous Flower of Serving-Men " ) merely need to move about freely , many do it specifically in pursuit of a lover ( " Rose Red and the White Lily " or " Child Waters " ) and consequently pregnancy often complicates the disguise . 
In one case , in the early 1940s , Don Flowers ' " Modest Maidens " was so admired by William Randolph Hearst that he lured Flowers away from the Associated Press and to King Features Syndicate by doubling the cartoonist 's salary , and renamed the feature " Glamor Girls " to avoid legal action by the AP . 
The latter continued to publish " Modest Maidens " , drawn by Jay Allen in Flowers ' style . 
" Nepeta " is a genus of about 250 species of flowering plants in the family Lamiaceae . 
The flowers are white , blue , pink or lilac and occur in several clusters toward the tip of the stems . 
The flowers are tubular and spotted with tiny purple dots . 
Cumin " ( Cuminum cyminum " , UK : or , US : , sometimes spelled cummin ) is a flowering plant in the family Apiaceae , native from the east Mediterranean to East India . 
The flowers are small , white or pink , and borne in umbels . 
Insect damage to the fossilized leaves of flowering plants from fourteen sites in North America were used as a proxy for insect diversity across the KâT boundary and analyzed to determine the rate of extinction . 
At the same time his works , in particular his book of poetry " Les Fleurs du mal " ( " The Flowers of Evil " ) , have been acknowledged as classics of French literature . 
" The Flowers of Evil " . 
Baudelaire was a slow and fastidious worker , often sidetracked by indolence , emotional distress and illness , and it was not until 1857 that he published his first and most famous volume of poems , " Les Fleurs du mal " ( " The Flowers of Evil " ) , originally titled " Les Limbes " . 
Each civilian tile also has a Chinese name ( and common rough translation to English ) : The 6-6 is " tin " ( å heaven ) , 1-1 is " dei " ( å earth ) , 4-4 is " yan " ( ä man ) , 1-3 is " ngo " ( é goose or å harmony ) , 5-5 is " mui " ( æ plum flower ) , 3-3 is " cheung " ( é long ) , 2-2 is " ban " ( æ board ) , 5-6 is " fu " ( æ hatchet ) , 4-6 is " ping " ( å partition ) , 1-6 is " tsat " ( ä ) ( long leg seven ) , and 1-5 is " luk " ( å ) ( big head six ) . 
The Cenozoic is just as much the age of savannas , or the age of co-dependent flowering plants and insects . 
The original idea of his then Minister of Finance , Rudolf Hommes , was that the country should import agricultural products in which it was not competitive , like maize , wheat , cotton and soybeans and export the ones in which it had an advantage , like fruits and flowers . 
) Agriculture - products ( Main article : Agriculture in Colombia ) : Colombian coffee , cut flowers , bananas , rice , tobacco , corn , sugarcane , cocoa beans , oilseed , vegetables ; forest products ; shrimp textiles , food processing , oil , clothing and footwear , beverages , chemicals , cement ; gold , coal , emeralds 6.18 billion cu m ( 2004 est . 
) petroleum , coffee , coal , nickel , emeralds , apparel , bananas , cut flowers Exports - partners : US 41.8 % , Venezuela 9.9 % , Ecuador 6.3 % ( 2005 ) industrial equipment , transportation equipment , consumer goods , chemicals , paper products , fuels , electricity US 28.5 % , Mexico 8.3 % , China 7.6 % , Brazil 6.5 % , Venezuela 5.7 % ( 2005 ) Reserves of foreign exchange and gold : $37.21 billion ( 30 June 2006 est . 
Colombia 's major exports continue to be petroleum , coffee , coal , nickel , gold and nontraditional exports ( e. g. , cut flowers , semiprecious stones , sugar , and tropical fruits ) . 
The temperate regions -- between 1,000 and 2,000 meters -- are better suited for coffee ; certain flowers ; maize and other vegetables ; and fruits such as citrus , pears , pineapples , and tomatoes . 
The cooler elevations -- between 2,000 and 3,000 meter -- produce wheat , barley , potatoes , cold-climate vegetables , flowers , dairy cattle , and poultry . 
Gags can also refer to the prop stunts/ tricks or the stunts that clowns use , such as a squirting flower . 
Among the more well-known clown stunts are : squirting flower ; the " too-many-clowns-coming-out-of-a-tiny-car " stunt ; doing just about anything with a rubber chicken , tripping over ones own feet ( or an air pocket or imaginary blemish in the floor ) , or riding any number of ridiculous vehicles or " clown bikes " . 
" Coffea " ( coffee ) is a large genus ( containing more than 90 species ) of flowering plants in the family Rubiaceae . 
Some Church members have formed a number of unofficial support organizations , including Evergreen International , North Star , Disciples2 , Wildflowers , Family Fellowship , GLYA ( Gay LDS Young Adults ) , LDS Reconciliation , Gamofites and the Guardrail foundation . 
The description of " moly " fits the snowdrop , a flower of the region that produces secondary metabolites that can counteract anticholinergics . 
Aside from all sorts of small shipments for all kinds of businesses such products as cream , butter , poultry , and eggs were handled along with fresh flowers , fish and other sea foods some handled in separate refrigerated cars . 
As an example , consider the function " h"("t " ) which describes the height of a growing flower at time " t " . 
While Grace was watering flowers outside the school one day in 1903 , she happened to look up at the open window of Robert N. Weir 's boardinghouse and caught a glimpse of Calvin Coolidge shaving in front of a mirror with nothing on but long underwear and a hat . 
Colossus was designed by engineer Tommy Flowers with input from Allen Coombs , Sid Broadhurst and Bill Chandler at the Post Office Research Station , Dollis Hill to solve a problem posed by mathematician Max Newman at Bletchley Park . 
Tommy Flowers of the Post Office Research Station at Dollis Hill was called in to look into the design of the Robinsonâs combining unit . 
Flowers , however , persisted with the idea and obtained support from the Director of the Research Station . 
Tommy Flowers spent eleven months ( early February 1943 to early January 1944 ) designing and building Colossus at the Post Office Research Station , Dollis Hill , in northwest London . 
Allen Coombs took over leadership of the Colossus Mark 2 project when Tommy Flowers moved on to other projects . 
Tommy Flowers tested the tape reader up to 9,700 characters per second ( 60 mph ) before the tape disintegrated . 
Thus , Colossus could not be included in the history of computing hardware for many years , and Flowers and his associates also were deprived of the recognition they were due . 
Brian Randell later wrote that : Colossus documentation and hardware were classified from the moment of their creation and remained so after the War , when Winston Churchill specifically ordered the destruction of most of the Colossus machines into 'pieces no bigger than a man 's hand ' ; Tommy Flowers personally burned blueprints in a furnace at Dollis Hill . 
Brown was studying orchids microscopically when he observed an opaque area , which he called the areola or nucleus , in the cells of the flower 's outer layer . 
In 2002 , the conservation charity Plantlife unofficially designated Cambridgeshire 's county flower as the Pasqueflower . 
Many species have large , yellow or white flowers . 
The flowers are unisexual , with male and female flowers usually on different plants ( dioecious ) , or less common on the same plant ( monoecious ) . 
The female flowers have inferior ovaries . 
In most flowering plants , chloroplasts are not inherited from the male parent , although in plants such as pines , chloroplasts are inherited from males . 
These cabins are all named after various trees , plants , and flowers . 
This was the first galaxy recognised as having a spiral structure , this structure being first observed by Lord Rosse in 1845. Other notable spiral galaxies in Canes Venatici are the Sunflower Galaxy ( M63 , NGC 5055 ) , Messier 94 ( NGC 4736 ) , and Messier 106 ( NGC 4258 ) . 
In the Chinese case , this prediction came soon true , with the unorthodox outcomes of the âHundred Flowersâ episode of 1957. More generally , one would hence be led to expect that â far from being temporary â thought coercion would have to become a " stable " feature of society , in order to produce any long-lasting result . 
She also makes reference to the story of Troy when mentioning to Lex Luthor , who had brought her a bunch of flowers , that " It was the Greeks who also brought gifts . 
The flowers are creamy-white , 2-3mm diameter , produced in dense compound umbels . 
However , Carthage priests demanded the flower of their youth in times of crisis or calamity like war , drought or famine . 
He was the most important northern European sculptor of his age and is considered a pioneer of the " northern realism " of the Early Netherlandish painting that came into full flower with the work of Jan van Eyck and others in the next generation . 
Winter varieties do not flower until springtime because they require vernalization : exposure to low temperature for a genetically determined length of time . 
Trees are mainly oak , maple , and hickory ; common understory trees include Eastern Redbud , Serviceberry , and Flowering Dogwood . 
They are known for their distinctive flowers , generally bell-shaped , with each petal modified into an elongated nectar spur . 
Several species are grown in gardens , including the European Columbine ( " A. vulgaris " ) , a traditional garden flower in many parts of the world . 
The flowers of various species of " Aquilegia " were consumed in moderation by Native Americans as a condiment with other fresh greens , and are reported to be very sweet , and safe if consumed in small quantities . 
The Colorado Blue Columbine ( " A. caerulea " ) is the official state flower of Colorado ( " see also " Columbine , Colorado ) . 
Such a " pollination syndrome " , being due to flower genetics , ensures reproductive isolation and can be a cause underlying speciation . 
Pliny tells that the wool of Colossae gave its name ( " colossinus " ) to the colour of the cyclamen flower . 
The Chrysler brand began using a medallion based on its original logo starting with the 1995 Cirrus and Sebring , and this logo was applied to all Chryslers by 1996. That same year , Plymouth adopted a new sailboat logo , which was a simplified version of the brand 's pre-Pentastar Mayflower ship logo . 
Subtle energy is explored through practices such as aromatherapy , mantras , Reiki , hands-on healing , flower essences , radionics , sound therapy , light therapy , and crystal/ gem therapy , to name a few . 
They are visualized as lotuses/ flowers with a different number of petals in every chakra . 
Anahata is symbolised by a lotus flower with twelve petals . 
In 1809 Latrobe invented a second American order , employing magnolia flowers contrained within the profile of classical mouldings , as his drawing demonstrates . 
Elisa Bermejo , however , considers the flower as an attribute related to the sitter 's very young age . 
Her tomb in Peterborough Cathedral can be seen and there is hardly ever a time when it is not decorated with flowers or pomegranates , her heraldic symbol . 
" A few months later he was performing hack-work for the highly successful Giuseppe Cesari , Pope Clement VIII 's favourite painter , " painting flowers and fruit " in his factory-like workshop . 
On their return to the north this trend had a short-lived but influential flowering in the 1620s among painters like Hendrick ter Brugghen , Gerrit van Honthorst , Andries Both and Dirck van Baburen . 
The flowers are dark pink , with very distinct " reflexed " petals , leaving the style and stamens fully exposed and pointing forward . 
These differ in having stouter , woodier stems forming taller shrubs , and in the bell-shaped flowers , the petals not being reflexed . 
The name cranberry derives from " craneberry " , first named by early European settlers in America who felt the expanding flower , stem , calyx , and petals resembled the neck , head , and bill of a crane . 
Movies : " Mayflower Madam " ( 1986 ) , " Love , Lies and Murder " ( 1991 ) , " The Stepford Husbands " ( 1996 ) . 
The National Flower of the Cook Islands is the Tiare mori or Tiale moli ( " Penrhyn , Nassau , Pukapuka " ) . 
On Valentine 's Day , a box of chocolate is given , usually with flowers and a greeting card . 
( Flowers are not usually placed on graves in the Orthodox Jewish tradition . 
The other deities were angry at what the two had done and decided , as compensation for her dismemberment , to allow her to provide the necessities for people to survive ; so from her hair they created trees , grass , and flowers ; caves , fountains , and wells from her eyes ; rivers from her mouth ; hills and valleys from her nose ; and mountains from her shoulders . 
The Right-Handed Twin created gentle hills , beautiful smelling flowers , quiet brooks , butterflies and numerous creatures , plants and earth formations . 
A referendum for a further local government reform connected with an elected regional assembly was planned for 2004 , but was abandoned - see Northern England referendum , 2004. As part of a 2002 marketing campaign , the plant conservation charity Plantlife chose the cuckooflower as the county flower . 
It is interesting to note that , although Chaucer had a powerful influence in poetic and artistic terms , which can be seen in the great number of forgeries and mistaken attributions ( such as The Flower and the Leaf which was translated by John Dryden ) , modern English spelling and orthography owes much more to the innovations made by the Court of Chancery in the decades during and after his lifetime . 
In that period , the guilds started erecting Christmas trees in front of their guildhalls : Ingeborg Weber-Kellermann ( Marburg professor of European ethnology ) found a Bremen guild chronicle of 1570 which reports how a small fir was decorated with apples , nuts , dates , pretzels and paper flowers , and erected in the guild-house , for the benefit of the guild members ' children , who collected the dainties on Christmas Day . 
In New Zealand , PMhutukawa trees are described as " natural Christmas trees " , as they bloom at Christmas time , and look like Christmas trees with their red flowers and green foliage . 
Cactus flowers are large , and like the spines and branches arise from areoles . 
The flowers , mostly radially symmetrical and hermaphrodite , bloom either by day or by night , depending on species . 
The life of a cactus is seldom longer than 300 years , and there are cacti , which live only 25 years ( although these flower as early as their second year ) . 
The " mother-in-law 's cushion " ( " Echinocactus grusonii " ) reaches a height of 2.5 meters and a diameter of 1 meter and - at least on the Canaries - is already capable of flowering after 6 years . 
The diameter of cactus flowers ranges from 5 to 30cm ; the colors are often conspicuous and spectacular . 
Some cactus flowers form long tubes ( up to 30 centimetres ) so that only moths can reach the nectar and therefore pollinate the blossoms . 
The duration of flowering is very variable . 
Many flowers , for example those of " Selenicereus grandiflorus " ( " Queen of the Night " ) are only fully open for two hours at night . 
Other cacti flower for a whole week . 
Fraileas only opens their flowers completely in exceptional circumstances ; they mostly pollinate themselves or others with their flowers closed ( " cleistogamy " ) . 
The flower itself has also undergone a further development : the ovary tends to become a completely protected area , protected by thorns , hairs and scales . 
In 1995 , she and partner Nancy Juvonen formed the production company Flower Films , with its first production the 1999 Barrymore film " Never Been Kissed " . 
Flower Films has gone on to produce the Barrymore vehicle films " Charlie 's Angels " , " 50 First Dates " , and " Music and Lyrics " , as well as the cult film " Donnie Darko " . 
Besides a number of appearances in films produced by her company , Flower Films , including " Charlie 's Angels " , Barrymore had a dramatic role in the comedy/ drama " Riding in Cars with Boys " ( 2001 ) , playing a teenage mother in a failed marriage with the drug-addicted father ( based on the real-life story of Beverly D'Onofrio ) . 
Flower Films . 
In 1995 , Barrymore formed Flower Films , a production company , with business partner Nancy Juvonen . 
When the production of Richard Kelly 's debut film , " Donnie Darko " , was threatened , Barrymore stepped forward with financing from Flower Films and took the small role of Karen Pomeroy , the title character 's English teacher . 
In 2003 , she reprised her role as Dylan Sanders in ' , was nominated for an Emmy Award for her performance in " Olive , the Other Reindeer " and appeared with Ben Stiller in " Duplex " in 2003. Flower Films produced " 50 First Dates " with co-star Adam Sandler 's Happy Madison company in 2004. Summing up Barrymore 's appeal , Roger Ebert , in his review of " 50 First Dates " , described Barrymore as having a " smiling , coy sincerity " , describing the film as " ingratiating and lovable " . 
Van Helsing epitomizes this struggle because he uses , at the time , extremely modern technologies like blood transfusions ; but he is not so modern as to eschew the idea that a demonic being could be causing Lucy 's illness : he spreads garlic around the sashes and doors of her room and makes her wear a garlic flower necklace . 
The flowers are white to yellow , in small umbels diameter . 
Like caraway , its fernlike leaves are aromatic , and are used to flavor many foods , such as gravlax ( cured salmon ) , borscht and other soups , and pickles ( where sometimes the dill flower is used ) . 
The seed is harvested by cutting the flower heads off the stalks when the seed is beginning to ripen . 
Dioscoreales is a botanical name for an order of flowering plants . 
The national flower is that of the West Indian Mahogany ( " Swietenia mahagoni " ) . 
Fincher directed big budget music videos for artists such as Madonna ( including " Express Yourself " , " Vogue " , " Oh Father " and " Bad Girl " ) , Billy Idol ( " Cradle of Love " ) , Paula Abdul ( including " ( It 's Just ) The Way That You Love Me " , " Straight Up " , " Forever Your Girl " and " Cold Hearted " ) , Aerosmith ( " Janie 's Got a Gun " ) , The Rolling Stones ( including " Love Is Strong " ) , Nine Inch Nails ( " Only " ) , A Perfect Circle ( " Judith " ) , Jody Watley , Rick Springfield , Steve Winwood , George Michael , Michael Jackson , The Wallflowers , Wire Train and The Outfield . 
The scientific name means " finger-like " and refers to the ease with which a flower of " Digitalis purpurea " can be fitted over a human fingertip . 
The flowers are produced on a tall spike , are tubular , and vary in colour with species , from purple to pink , white , and yellow . 
It is a biennial , often grown as an ornamental plant due to its showy flowers , that range in colour from purples through to whites , with variable marks and spotting . 
The larvae of the Foxglove Pug feed on the flowers of " Digitalis purpurea " . 
Digoxigenin ( DIG ) is a steroid found exclusively in the flowers and leaves of the plants " Digitalis purpurea " and " Digitalis lanata " . 
The Dipsacales are an order of flowering plants , included within the asterid group of dicotyledons . 
December 's flower is the narcissus or holly . 
Together , Dennis , Curly and Pie-Face battle the " 'Softies , a group of children who enjoy things such as teddy bears , dolls and flowers . 
However , according to legend , the publication of his poem " Hymn to the Pillory " caused his audience at the pillory to throw flowers instead of the customary harmful and noxious objects , and to drink to his health . 
She had been picking flowers , and the ground split and she was taken in by Hades . 
Small pot stills are also sold for the domestic production of flower water or essential oils . 
Steam distillation of various aromatic herbs and flowers can result in two products ; an essential oil as well as a watery herbal distillate . 
The painters also produced pictures showing historic events , flower paintings , portraits for patrons and the court , and decorative pieces of art . 
In the Mid Cretaceous , the flowering angiosperm plants became a major part of terrestrial ecosystems , which had previous been dominated by gymnosperms such as conifers . 
A major change in the Early Cretaceous , which would be amplified in the Late Cretaceous , was the evolution of flowering plants . 
Flowering plants were greatly radiating , with the first grasses appearing by the end of the Cretaceous . 
" ( 2008 ) noted that , in the Mid Cretaceous , the flowering angiosperm plants became a major part of terrestrial ecosystems , which had previously been dominated by gymnosperms such as conifers . 
They rested a while before setting off on their journey in the " Mayflower " and the " Speedwell " on the 20 August 1620. About 300 miles west of Land 's End , they realised that the " Speedwell " was unseaworthy and returned to Plymouth . 
The " Mayflower " departed alone to complete the crossing to Cape Cod . 
Instead they are a special type of decorative sprite inserted into the world , similar to the breakable cameras , flowerpots , and lights . 
The Eastern Market farmer 's distribution center is the largest open-air flowerbed market in the United States and has more than 150 foods and specialty businesses . 
The CD featured such classics as John Lennon 's " Imagine , " Cat Stevens ' " Where Do The Children Play , " Tommy James ' " Crimson & Clover , " and Pete Seeger 's anti-war song " Where Have All The Flowers Gone . 
" 'Datura " is a genus of nine species of vespertine flowering plants belonging to the family Solanaceae . 
This genus differs in being woody , making shrubs or small trees , and in having pendulous flowers . 
The flowers are erect or spreading ( not pendulous like those of the closely allied Brugmansiae ) , trumpet-shaped , 5-20 cm long and 4-12 cm broad at the mouth ; colors vary from white to yellow , pink , and pale purple . 
Common names include Thorn Apple ( from the spiny fruit ) , Pricklyburr ( similarly ) , Jimson Weed , Moonflower , Hell 's Bells , Devil 's Weed , Devil 's Cucumber , and Devil 's Trumpet , ( from their large trumpet-shaped flowers ) . 
For example , " Datura " have the interesting property of being able to change size of plant , size of leaf , and size of flowers , all depending on location . 
The same species , when growing in a half-shady damp location can develop into a magnificent flowering bush half as tall as a man , but when growing in a very dry location will only grow into a thin little plant just higher than his ankles , with tiny flowers and a few miniature leaves . 
All " Datura " plants contain tropane alkaloids such as scopolamine , hyoscyamine , and atropine , primarily in their seeds and flowers . 
In Ovid 's version of the story , Dryope was wandering by a lake , suckling her baby Amphissus , when she saw the bright red flowers of the lotus tree , formerly the nymph Lotis who , when fleeing from Priapus , had been changed into a tree . 
She had just enough time to warn her husband to take care of their child and make sure that he did not pick flowers . 
It is home to the yearly held Damascus Flower Show . 
His grave is adorned with a bench that contains friezes of a baseball and bat , an aircraft , a piano , a flower pot , musical notes , and a glove . 
Donald and Daisy are out on a date when a flower pot falls on his head . 
She narrates her story to a psychologist who determines that Donald would regain his memory with another flower pot falling on his head , but warns that his improved voice may also be lost along with his singing career . 
Most species breed in various kinds of decaying plant and fungal material , including fruit , bark , slime fluxes , flowers , and mushrooms . 
Other characters in the Rincewind story arc include : Cohen the Barbarian , an aging hero of the old fantasy tradition , out of touch with the modern world and still fighting despite his advanced age ; Twoflower , a naive tourist from the Agatean Empire ( the Discworld 's equivalent of China ) ; and The Luggage , a magical , semi-sentient and exceptionally vicious multi-legged travelling accessory . 
They were very poor , and to supplement their income Bella made imitation flowers out of celluloid and paper . 
She also acquired several tattoos , including a dove on the back of her left shoulder , a winged fairy and a star above her groin , and flowers on her feet . 
The Mosquito squadrons of 100 Group used several different marks of Mosquitoes for different purposes : N. F XIXs and NF 30s were used for dedicated night fighter operations providing escort for the bomber streams ; F. Mk IIs and FB Mk VIs were used for " Flower " ( patrolling enemy airfields well ahead of the bomber stream and dropping bombs to keep enemy night fighters on the ground as well as attacking night fighters in the landing pattern ) and " Mahmoud " operations ( " Mahmouds " were mounted independently of Bomber Command activity whereby Mosquitoes flew to known assembly points for German night fighters ( usually visual or radio beacons ) and attacked any in the area ) ; B Mk IVs and P. R Mk XVIs were used for Electronic Intelligence ( ELINT ) operations , using special equipment to detect and identify German radar and radio transmissions . 
Participants sell a range of fruits and vegetables , baked goods , dairy and meat products ( often from certified organic farms ) , crafts , and plants and flowers . 
The Center blooms with thousands of flowers year-round . 
Selection against interbreeding with the metal-sensitive parental population produces a change in flowering time of the metal-resistant plants , causing reproductive isolation . 
The Renaissance spread across Europe between the 14th and 16th centuries : it saw the flowering of art , philosophy , music , and the sciences , under the joint patronage of royalty , the nobility , the Roman Catholic Church , and an emerging merchant class . 
The early years of the 19th century saw a flowering of encyclopedia publishing in the United Kingdom , Europe and America . 
Their diet is at least 50 % grasses , supplemented with leaves , bamboo , twigs , bark , roots , and small amounts of fruits , seeds and flowers . 
In this stanza on the flower Curcuma ( also Flax and Tumeric ) the " youths " are infertile , and he devotes the footnote to other examples of neutered organs in flowers , insect castes , and finally associates this more broadly with many popular and well-known cases of vestigal organs ( male nipples , the third and fourth wings of flies , etc. ) 65 Woo 'd with long care , CURCUMA cold and shy Meets her fond husband with averted eye : " Four " beardless youths the obdurate beauty move With soft attentions of Platonic love . 
One male and one female inhabit this flower ; but there are besides four imperfect males , or filaments without anthers upon them , called by Linneus eunuchs . 
In like manner the florets , which form the rays of the flowers of the order frustraneous polygamy of the class syngenesia , or confederate males , as the sun-flower , are furnished with a style only , and no stigma : and are thence barren . 
There is also a style without a stigma in the whole order dioecia gynandria ; the male flowers of which are thence barren . 
The Opulus is another plant , which contains some unprolific flowers . 
exult in youthful prime , Mark with bright curves the printless steps of Time ; Near and more near your beamy cars approach , And lessening orbs on lessening orbs encroach ; - Flowers of the sky ! 
In addition , England produced numerous scientists and inventors such as Richard Arkwright , who invented the first industrial spinning machine , while Charles Babbage was the 19th century inventor of the first computer ; Alan Turing and Tommy Flowers invented the modern computer , and many of its associated concepts and initial technologies . 
" 'Eriocaulales " ' is a botanical name for an order of flowering plants . 
Many Ericales species are cultivated for their showy flowers : well-known examples are azalea , rhododendron , camellia , polyanthus , cyclamen , phlox , and busy Lizzie . 
Often a congregation 's worship space is decorated with special banners and flowers ( such as Easter lilies ) . 
In addition , it has rich agriculture : bananas , flowers , coffee , cacao , sugar , tropical fruits , palm oil , palm hearts , rice , and corn . 
The central belt of Ecuador that includes the Andes Mountains , inland from the coast ; with volcanoes and mountain peaks that sport year-round snow on the equator ; many areas long since deforested by agriculture ; a number of cut-flower growing operations ; at a certain altitude zone may be found cloud forests . 
Exports of nontraditional products such as flowers ( $291 million in 2002 ) and canned fish ( $333 million in 2002 ) have grown in recent years . 
Increasingly , a few modern techniques are applied to producing fruits , vegetables and flowers , in addition to cotton , for export . 
Loroco is a vine flower bud native to Central America . 
More recently , fish , flowers , salt , and textiles have joined the list of exports , and Sudan is no longer a major trading partner . 
Exports are almost entirely agricultural commodities , with coffee as the largest foreign exchange earner , and its flower industry becoming a new source of revenue : for 2005/ 2006 ( the latest year available ) Ethiopia 's coffee exports represented 0.9 % of the world exports , and oilseeds and flowers each representing 0.5 % . 
Lorenz 's collaborator , Niko Tinbergen , argued that ethology always needed to pay attention to four kinds of explanation in any instance of behaviour : Flowering . 
( Old Burma-Shave jingle : " If daisies are your favorite flower , keep pushinâ up those miles per hour ! 
The Ericaceae family consists of herbs , shrubs and trees with leaves that are usually alternate , simple and without stipules , and hermaphrodite flowers . 
The flowers show considerable variability . 
The corollas are usually radially symmetrical ( actinomorphic ) but many flowers of the genus " Rhododendron " are somewhat bilaterally symmetrical ( zygomorphic ) . 
The traditional county flower of Essex is the cowslip , locally known as the paigle or peggle , and frequently mentioned in the writings of Essex bucolic authors such as Samuel Bensusan and C. H. Warren . 
As part of a 2002 marketing campaign , the plant conservation charity Plantlife chose the Common Poppy as the county flower. . 
The orchid , upswept hair , black cat , and bouquet of flowers were all recognized symbols of sexuality at the time . 
She defiantly looks out as her servant offers flowers from one of her male suitors . 
This has also led Ethiopian cooks to develop a rich array of cooking oil sources : besides sesame and safflower , Ethiopian cuisine also uses " nug " ( also spelled " noog " , known also as " niger seed " ) . 
Much of Northernhay Gardens now represent Victorian design , with a beautiful display of trees , mature shrubs and bushes and plenty of flower beds . 
One example is the fact that although about 10,000 people are killed with guns in the US annually , whereas spiders and snakes kill only a handful , people nonetheless learn to fear spiders and snakes about as easily as they do a pointed gun , and more easily than an unpointed gun , rabbits or flowers . 
A potential explanation is that spiders and snakes were a threat to human ancestors throughout the Pleistocene , whereas guns ( and rabbits and flowers ) were not . 
Just as only Aaron or Moses could make their rod " flower " ( into flame ) , so only Arthur could pull Excalibur from the stone . 
Millay also collaborated with Dillon on " Flowers of Evil " , a translation of Charles Baudelaire 's " Les Fleurs du mal " . 
Snake tracks the president 's life-monitor bracelet signal to the basement of an abandoned theater , only to find it on the wrist of an incoherent old man ( George " Buck " Flower ) . 
It exists as a gas and acts at trace levels throughout the life of the plant by stimulating or regulating the ripening of fruit , the opening of flowers , and the abscission ( or shedding ) of leaves . 
It has been shown that ethylene is produced from essentially all parts of higher plants , including leaves , stems , roots , flowers , fruits , tubers , and seedlings . 
During the life of the plant , ethylene production is induced during certain stages of growth such as germination , ripening of fruits , abscission of leaves , and senescence of flowers . 
Ethylene will shorten the shelf life of cut flowers and potted plants by accelerating floral senescence and floral abscission . 
Flowers and plants which are subjected to stress during shipping , handling , or storage produce ethylene causing a significant reduction in floral display . 
Flowers affected by ethylene include carnation , geranium , petunia , rose , and many others . 
By inhibiting ethylene perception , fruits , plants and flowers do n't respond to ethylene produced endogenously or from exogenous sources . 
Commercial growers of bromeliads , including pineapple plants , use ethylene to induce flowering . 
Plants can be induced to flower either by treatment with the gas in a chamber , or by placing a banana peel next to the plant in an enclosed area . 
Ethylene has a pleasant sweet faint odor , and has a slightly sweet taste , and as it enhances fruit ripening , assists in the development of odour-active aroma volatiles ( especially esters ) , which are responsible for the specific smell of each kind of flower or fruit . 
In Rabbinic traditions , Ezra is metaphorically referred to as the " flowers that appear on the earth " signifying the springtime in the national history of Judaism . 
In 1978 , during the performance of the Israeli entry , the Jordanian broadcaster JRTV suspended the broadcast and showed pictures of flowers . 
The Outdoor Biome ( which is not covered ) represents the temperate regions of the world with plants such as tea , lavender , hops , hemp and sunflowers . 
It is derived from phyllotaxis , which is the mathematical basis for nearly all plant growth ; the " opposing spirals " found in many plants such as the seeds in a sunflower 's head , pine cones and pineapples . 
In an episode of the cartoon series " The Tick " called " The Tick vs. El Seed " , The Tick fights a flower man named El Seed who in exile tries to raise an army of corn to destroy all humans . 
This same period of economic and political uncertainty , however , produced an unsurpassed literary flowering in England . 
The Euphrates provided the water that led to the first flowering of civilization in Sumer , dating from about the 4th millennium BCE . 
In the following year he took his B. A. degree and printed for private circulation a small volume of poems , " Weeds and Wild Flowers " . 
In Homer , her saffron-colored robe is embroidered or woven with flowers ; rosy-fingered and with golden arms , she is pictured on Attic vases as a supernaturally beautiful woman , crowned with a tiara or diadem and with the large white-feathered wings of a bird . 
The Vegan Society 's Sunflower symbol ( which is currently used by over 260 companies world wide ) can also be used to see which products do not use any animal ingredients ( including flavorings and colorings ) Flavor creation . 
Oilseeds are often pressed to produce rich oils , such as sunflower , rapeseed ( including canola oil ) , and sesame . 
" We 're Only in It for the Money " featured some of the most creative audio editing and production yet heard in pop music , and the songs ruthlessly satirized the hippie and flower power phenomena . 
The Fagales are an order of flowering plants , including some of the best known trees . 
Fabales is an order of flowering plants . 
Immediately after the end of the Second World War , color movies such as " The Stone Flower " ( 1946 ) , " Ballad of Siberia " ( 1947 ) , and " The Kuban Cossacks " ( 1949 ) were released . 
In the late 1950s and early 1960s Soviet Cinema again flowered , beginning with films such as " Ballada o Soldate " " ( Ballad of a Soldier ) " , which won the 1961 BAFTA Award for Best Film , and " The Cranes Are Flying " . 
The war years also saw the flowering of the Powell and Pressburger partnership with films like " Forty-Ninth Parallel " ( 1941 ) , " The Life and Death of Colonel Blimp"(1943 ) and " A Canterbury Tale " ( 1944 ) which , while set in wartime , were very much about the people affected by war rather than battles . 
Chopin 's grave , with its monument carved by Clésinger , attracts numerous visitors and is consistently decorated with flowers , even in winter . 
Many studies have found that certain fears ( e. g. animals , heights ) are much more common than others ( e. g. flowers , clouds ) . 
In botany , which is the scientific study of plants , fruits are the ripened ovaries of flowering plants . 
Fruits are the means by which flowering plants disseminate seeds , and the presence of seeds indicates that a structure is most likely a fruit , though not all seeds come from fruits . 
The term 'false fruit ' ( pseudocarp , accessory fruit ) is sometimes applied to a fruit like the fig ( a " multiple-accessory fruit " ; see below ) or to a plant structure that resembles a fruit but is not derived from a flower or flowers . 
The ovules are fertilized in a process that starts with pollination , which involves the movement of pollen from the stamens to the stigma of flowers . 
Fertilization in flowering plants involves both plasmogamy , the fusing of the sperm and egg protoplasm and karyogamy , the union of the sperm and egg nucleus . 
In some cases , the sepals , petals and/ or stamens and style of the flower fall off . 
The wall of the fruit , developed from the ovary wall of the flower , is called the " pericarp " . 
In some fruits , especially simple fruits derived from an inferior ovary , other parts of the flower ( such as the floral tube , including the petals , sepals , and stamens ) , fuse with the ovary and ripen with it . 
Since other parts of the flower may contribute to the structure of the fruit , it is important to study flower structure to understand how a particular fruit forms . 
An aggregate fruit , or " etaerio " , develops from a flower with numerous simple pistils . 
In all these examples , the fruit develops from a single flower with numerous pistils . 
A multiple fruit is one formed from a cluster of flowers ( called an " inflorescence " ) . 
Each flower produces a fruit , but these mature into a single mass . 
In the photograph on the right , stages of flowering and fruit development in the noni or Indian mulberry ( " Morinda citrifolia " ) can be observed on a single branch . 
First an inflorescence of white flowers called a head is produced . 
After fertilization , each flower develops into a drupe , and as the drupes expand , they become " connate " ( merge ) into a " multiple fleshy fruit " called a " syncarpet " . 
Many dry fruits are used as decorations or in dried flower arrangements , such as unicorn plant , lotus , wheat , annual honesty and milkweed . 
Examples include clouds , snow flakes , crystals , mountain ranges , lightning , river networks , cauliflower or broccoli , and systems of blood vessels and pulmonary vessels . 
Fibonacci sequences appear in biological settings , in two consecutive Fibonacci numbers , such as branching in trees , arrangement of leaves on a stem , the fruitlets of a pineapple , the flowering of artichoke , an uncurling fern and the arrangement of a pine cone . 
A model for the pattern of florets in the head of a sunflower was proposed by H. Vogel in 1979. where " n " is the index number of the floret and " c " is a constant scaling factor ; the florets thus lie on Fermat 's spiral . 
It is often said that sunflowers and similar arrangements have 55 spirals in one direction and 89 in the other ( or some other pair of adjacent Fibonacci numbers ) , but this is true only of one range of radii , typically the outermost and thus most conspicuous . 
His maternal grandfather Warren Delano II , a descendant of " Mayflower " passengers Richard Warren , Isaac Allerton , Degory Priest , and Francis Cooke , during a period of twelve years in China made more than a million dollars in the tea trade in Macau , Canton and Hong Kong , but upon returning to the United States , he lost it all in the Panic of 1857. In 1860 , he returned to China and made a fortune in the notorious but highly profitable opium trade supplying opium-based medication to the U. S. War Department during the American Civil War but not exclusively . 
Yellow came from saffron or egg yolk , while red came from sunflower , and purple came from " Crozophora tinctoria " or " Heliotropium europaeum " . 
The produce of these northern regions is also considered some of the best in the country including cauliflower and artichokes . 
Examples of edible plant fats are peanut , soya bean , sunflower , sesame , coconut , olive , and vegetable oils . 
For example , in the Shanidar cave in Iraq , in Pontnewydd Cave in Wales and other sites across Europe and the Near East , Neanderthal skeletons have been discovered with a characteristic layer of pollen , which suggests that Neanderthals buried the dead with gifts of flowers . 
Traditionally flowers ( and music ) are not sent to a grieving Jewish family as it is a reminder of the life that is now lost . 
" ) The decedent 's closest friends and relatives who are unable to attend frequently send flowers to the viewing , with the exception of a Jewish Funeral , where flowers would not be appropriate ( and donations are given to a charity instead ) . 
During the funeral and at the burial service , the casket may be covered with a large arrangement of flowers , called a casket spray . 
Cicero describes the habit to plant flowers around the tomb in an effort to guarantee the rest of the deceased and the purification of ground , a custom that is maintained until today . 
The small blue forget-me-not flower was first used by the Grand Lodge " Zur Sonne " , in 1926 , as a Masonic emblem at the annual convention in Bremen , Germany . 
After World War II , the forget-me-not flower was again used as a Masonic emblem at the first Annual Convention of the United Grand Lodges of Germany in 1948. The badge is now worn in the coat lapel by Freemasons around the world to remember all those that have suffered in the name of Freemasonry , especially those during the Nazi era . 
Cauliflower , broccoli , cabbage , brussel sprouts and other cruciferous vegetables that belong to the genus Brassica are commonly reputed to not only increase flatulence , but to increase the pungency of the flatus . 
In Britain , people mocked the Republican Calendar by calling the months : Wheezy , Sneezy and Freezy ; Slippy , Drippy and Nippy ; Showery , Flowery and Bowery ; Wheaty , Heaty and Sweety . 
Fiorello Henry La Guardia ( born " 'Fiorello Enrico La Guardia ; December 11 , 1882 September 20 , 1947 ) was Mayor of New York for three terms from 1934 to 1945. He was popularly known as " the Little Flower , " the translation of his Italian first name , " Fiorello " , and , most likely , a reference to his short stature . 
The name 'Flores ' comes from Portuguese word , meaning " flowers " . 
In fact , the island 's name , Flores , means " flowers " in Portuguese . 
He does not let any thoughts arise when he looks at a flower ... the only thing a stone tells him is that it has nothing at all to tell him ... this way of looking at a stone may be described as the totally unpoetic way of looking at it . 
Compared to the flags of many other nations , the flag of the United States is notably complex , leading to expressions such as " Huqíguó " ( " flower flag nation " ) , a Chinese name for America used in the 19th and early 20th centuries . 
The " Flower Flag " arrives in Asia . 
There it gained the designation " Flower Flag . 
In Mandarin , the majority Chinese language , " Flower Flag Nation " is " Huqíguó " ( èæå ) . 
Other Asian nations have equivalent terms for America , for example " Hoa Ká " ( " Flower Flag " ) in Vietnam . 
" The Fujiwara presided over a period of cultural and artistic flowering at the imperial court and among the aristocracy . 
From antiquity , a cosmological view prevailed in India that held the Earth to consist of four continents grouped around the central mountain Meru like the petals of a flower ; surrounding these continents was the outer ocean . 
She was born " 'Frances Barton , the daughter of a private soldier , and began her career as a flower girl and a street singer . 
Perhaps the most famous incident that illustrates the Saint 's humility towards nature is recounted in the " Fioretti " ( " Little Flowers " ) , a collection of legends and folklore that sprang up after the Saint 's death . 
" 'Miss Tibbs & Miss Gatsby , played by Gilly Flower and Renee Roberts respectively , are the other two ( often inseparable ) permanent residents , who are slightly scatty spinsters . 
In the second series , the first episode starts again with the sign spelling 'Fawlty Towers ' with a few letters slightly askew , and changes in each subsequent edition , from the correct spelling to various semi-anagrams ( only " Flowery Twats " from the 11th episode , " The Anniversary " , is a proper anagram using all original letters . 
Gilly Flower and Renee Roberts , who played Miss Tibbs and Miss Gatsby in the series , reprised the roles in a 1983 episode of " Only Fools and Horses " . 
The Oxford English Dictionary ( first edition ) associates it with such onomatopoeic words as " flit " and " flick " , emphasizing a lack of seriousness ; on the other hand , it has been attributed to the old French " conter fleurette " , which means " to ( try to ) seduce " by the dropping of flower petals , that is , " to speak sweet nothings " . 
It looks like rimming the edge of flowers and leaves and usually it forms against the direction of the wind . 
Frost flowers . 
" 'Frost flowers occur when there is a freezing weather condition but the ground is not already frozen . 
Also the frost can literally look like a flower , even a dead flower from the previous summer . 
Due to their fleeting nature , they are difficult to find to photograph and the locations of these Frost Flowers are elusive as terrain plays a big part in their formation as well . 
The entire visible plant may completely turn brown until the spring warmth , or will drop all of its leaves and flowers , leaving the stem and stalk only . 
In the 8th century , Charlemagne freed the people of Friesland from swearing fealty to foreign overlords " That all Frisians would be fully free , the born and the unborn , so long as the wind blows from heaven and the child cries , grass grows green and flowers bloom , as far as the sun rises and the world stands " . 
There are many species of ferns , flowers , fungi , and mosses . 
The greatest flowering of the field occurred with Jean-Victor Poncelet ( 1788-1867 ) . 
Ornamental plants are normally grown for their flowers , foliage , or overall appearance . 
In Japan , Samurai and Zen monks were often required to build decorative gardens or practice related skills like flower arrangement known as " ikebana " . 
The next morning a giant flower is seen in a nearby lake , and Dr. Shiragami confesses that he combined the DNA of roses with Godzilla . 
Primary exports are citrus and cut flowers , while primary imports are food , consumer goods , and construction materials . 
Over the past several years , tourism and exports of textiles , apparel , and nontraditional agricultural products such as winter vegetables , fruit , and cut flowers have boomed , while more traditional exports such as sugar , bananas , and coffee continue to represent a large share of the export market . 
Tourism , manufacturing , and horticulture , mainly tomatoes and cut flowers , especially freesias , have been declining . 
Kelly did not return to stage work until his MGM contract ended in 1957 , when in 1958 he directed Rodgers and Hammerstein 's musical play " Flower Drum Song " . 
In his experiments studying the trait for flower color , Mendel observed that the flowers of each pea plant were either purple or white - and never an intermediate between the two colors . 
This means that the inheritance of an allele for yellow or green pea color is unrelated to the inheritance of alleles for white or purple flowers . 
In the Blue-eyed Mary ( " Omphalodes verna " ) , for example , there exists a gene with alleles that determine the color of flowers : blue or magenta . 
Another gene , however , controls whether the flowers have color at all : color or white . 
When a plant has two copies of this white allele , its flowers are white - regardless of whether the first gene has blue or magenta alleles . 
purple or white flowers ) but are instead continuous features ( eg . 
Bastards born in the Reach are given the surname Flowers . 
On all occasions Wales ' national anthem is " Mae Hen Wlad Fy Nhadau " ( Land of my Fathers ) whilst Scotland 's anthem changes according to circumstance , " Flower of Scotland " being used the majority of the time , whilst " Scotland the Brave " is occasionally substituted . 
The traditional sugarcane crop is slowly being replaced by other crops , such as bananas ( which now supply about 50 % of export earnings ) , eggplant , guinnep , noni , sapotilla , paroka , pikinga , giraumon squash , yam , gourd , plantain , christophine , monbin , prunecafé , cocoa , jackfruit , pomegranate , and many varieties of flowers . 
The traditional sugarcane crop is slowly being replaced by other crops , such as bananas ( which now supply about 50 % of export earnings ) , eggplant , and flowers . 
Gnomes have become controversial in serious gardening circles in the UK , and have been banned from the prestigious Chelsea Flower Show as the organisers claim that they detract from the garden designs . 
Cauliflower ( 740 acres ) , cabbage ( savoy , red , white)(25 acres ) , kohlrabi ( 37 acres ) , broccoli ( 37 acres ) grow by traditional means near Erfurt . 
Most types of bread contain both wheat and rye flour ( hence " Mischbrot " , mixed bread ) , and often wholemeal and whole seeds ( such as linseed , sunflower seed , or pumpkin seeds ) as well . 
The two leading Democratic candidates were Roswell P. Flower and Henry W. Slocum , but their factions deadlocked and the convention could not agree on a nominee . 
He joined Chelsea , then in the Second Division , before the 1979-80 season , initially as assistant manager to Danny Blanchflower . 
When Blanchflower was sacked , Hurst was appointed manager . 
Techniques developed during this period include 'slumping ' viscous ( but not fully molten ) glass over a mould in order to form a dish and 'millefiori ' ( meaning 'thousand flowers ' ) technique , where canes of multi-coloured glass were sliced and the slices arranged together and fused in a mould to create a mosaic-like effect . 
The Harvard Museum of Natural History has a collection of extremely detailed models of flowers made of painted glass . 
The Blaschka Glass Flowers are still an inspiration to glassblowers today . 
An early flowering of German literature is the Middle High German period of the High Middle Ages . 
The streams and waterfalls , the latter mainly in Upper Galilee , along with vast fields of greenery and colorful wildflowers , as well as numerous towns of biblical importance , make the region a popular tourist destination . 
Lower again , and down to 1,000 m / 3,000 ft there are wild olive , species of rock-rose , wild privet , acacias and mimosas , barberry and " Zizyphus " ; and in the eastern ramifications of the chain , " Chamaerops humilis " ( which is applied to a variety of useful purposes , and which it is also introduced since it is original to Western Mediterranean ) , " Bignonia " or trumpet flower , sissu , " Salvadora persica " , verbena , acanthus , varieties of Gesnerae . 
Because of the synchronous flowering , death , and regeneration of all bamboo within a species , the Giant Panda must have at least two different species available in its range to avoid starvation . 
Whereas a hyponym is one of the items included in the generic , such as " lily " and " daisy " are included in " flower " , and " bird " and " fish " in " animal " . 
At 13 , Carangi would send girls flowers and they would develop crushes on her no matter their sexual orientation . 
Some of its old charm remains , and can be readily seen in the area 's old-world gardens , with their wealth of flowering shrubs and climbing plants . 
Baudelaire , in fact , in his preface to " Les Fleurs du mal " ( " Flowers of Evil " ) penned lines that as much as anything can serve as a sort of goth malediction : 20th century influences . 
He homesteaded a claim near Beeler , where he maintained a small conservatory of plants and flowers and a geological collection . 
His art teacher , Etta Budd , recognized Carver 's talent for painting flowers and plants and convinced him to study botany at Iowa State Agricultural College in Ames . 
His and Donald 's rivalry over Daisy is established in " Donald 's Love Letters " ( 1949 ) , " Wild About Flowers " ( 1950 ) , and " Knightly Rivals " ( 1951 ) , and as potential heirs to Scrooge 's fortune in " Some Heir Over the Rainbow " ( 1953 ) . 
In arid areas , gypsum can occur in a flower-like form typically opaque with embedded sand grains called desert rose . 
In most other land plants the gametophyte is very small ( as in ferns and their relatives ) or even reduced as in flowering plants ( angiosperms ) , where the female gametophyte ( ovule ) is known as a " 'megagametophyte and the male gametophyte ( pollen ) is called a " 'microgametophyte . 
The seeds of most flowering plants have endosperms with stored protein to nourish embryonic plants during germination , but true gluten , with gliadin and glutenin , is limited to certain members of the grass family . 
One clergyman in Warwickshire advised him to take tobacco ( which Fox disliked ) and sing psalms ; another , in Coventry , lost his temper when Fox accidentally stood on a flower in his garden ; a third suggested bloodletting . 
Chivalry and the court life flowered , leading to a development of German culture and literature ( see Wolfram von Eschenbach ) . 
Persephone did not submit to Hades willingly , but was abducted by him while picking flowers with her friends . 
Flowers and leaves , sometimes a bird or a spiral ornament , are the principal decorative themes . 
The most frequent ornament is a flower with a centerpiece resembling the eye of a peacock 's feather . 
Harold throws Maude a surprise 80th birthday party , decorating the inside of her home with sunflowers , and after the party Maude admits that she has taken poison tablets and will be gone by midnight . 
In medicinal or spiritual use any of the parts of the plant might be considered " herbs " , including leaves , roots , flowers , seeds , resin , root bark , inner bark ( cambium ) , berries and sometimes the pericarp or other portions of the plant . 
" In 1879 , he left home to work as an apprentice machinist in the city of Detroit , first with James F. Flower & Bros. , and later with the Detroit Dry Dock Co. In 1882 , he returned to Dearborn to work on the family farm and became adept at operating the Westinghouse portable steam engine . 
Monetary reform and a cultural renaissance ensued with a flowering of Haitian art . 
The national flower is the famous orchid , " Rhyncholaelia digbyana " ( formerly known as " Brassavola digbyana " ) , which replaced the rose in 1969. The change of the National Flower was carried out during the administration of general Oswaldo López Arellano , thinking that " Brassavola digbiana " " is an indigenous plant of Honduras ; having this flower exceptional characteristics of beauty , vigor and distinction " , as the decree dictates it . 
The most important Hungarian agricultural products include corn , wheat , barley , oat , sunflower , poppy , potato , millet , sugar-beet , flax , and many other plants . 
The ancients had a variety of ideas about heredity : Theophrastus proposed that male flowers caused female flowers to ripen ; Hippocrates speculated that " seeds " were produced by various body parts and transmitted to offspring at the time of conception , and Aristotle thought that male and female semen mixed at conception . 
" Marrubium vulgare " ( White Horehound or " 'Common Horehound ) is a flowering plant in the family Lamiaceae , native to Europe , northern Africa and Asia . 
The flowers are white , borne in clusters on the upper part of the main stem . 
The plant is bushy , producing numerous annual , quadrangular and branching stems , a foot or more in height , on which the whitish flowers are borne in crowded , axillary , woolly whorls . 
Horehound flowers from June to September . 
In 1895 a British traveller reported that Rom had decorated his flower-bed with the skulls of some twenty-one victims of his displeasure , including women and children , resembling the posts of Kurtz ' Station . 
She comes onstage briefly to give out herbs and flowers . 
The invasion was stopped decisively at the battle of Flodden Field during which the King , many of his nobles , and over 10,000 troops - " The Flowers of the Forest " - were killed . 
The Mk I Colossus was built between March and December 1943 by Tommy Flowers and his colleagues at the Post Office Research Station at Dollis Hill in London and then shipped to Bletchley Park in January 1944. Colossus was the first totally " electronic " computing device . 
The downland supports a calcareous grassland habitat , important for wild flowers and insects . 
Hampshire 's county flower is the Dog Rose . 
Southampton has been host to many famous ships , including the " Mayflower " and the " Titanic " , the latter being staffed largely by natives of Southampton . 
Later Ming Dynasty artists would take after this Song Dynasty emphasis for intricate detail and realism on objects in nature , especially in depictions of animals ( such as ducks , swans , sparrows , tigers , etc. ) amongst patches of brightly-colored flowers and thickets of brush and wood ( a good example would be the anonymous Ming Dynasty painting " Birds and Plum Blossoms " , housed in the Freer Gallery of the Smithsonian Museum in Washington , D. C. ) . 
As part of a 2002 marketing campaign , the plant conservation charity Plantlife chose the Pasqueflower as Hertfordshire 's county flower . 
His " Living a Life That Matters " became a best seller in the fall of 2001. Kushner 's book , " The Lord Is My Shepherd " , was a meditation on the Twenty-Third Psalm released in 2003. Kushner also wrote a response to Simon Wiesenthal 's question of forgiveness in the book " The Sunflower : On the Possibilities and Limits of Forgiveness . 
Harwich was the home town of Christopher Jones , the master and quarter-owner of the Mayflower , and was also a base for that ship . 
Coir is a 100 % natural grow and flowering medium . 
After the winter season , the hillsides and orchards bloom with wild flowers , while gladiolas , carnations , marigolds , roses , chrysanthemums , tulips and lilies are carefully cultivated . 
The state government is gearing up to make Himachal Pradesh as the flower basket of the world . 
The most famous among these , immortalized in the 19th-century painting " The Roses of Heliogabalus " , is that he smothered guests at a dinner to death with a mass of " violets and other flowers " dropped from above . 
Flower remedies . 
Flower remedies can be produced by placing flowers in water and exposing them to sunlight . 
The most famous of these are the Bach flower remedies , which were developed by the homeopath Edward Bach . 
However , although many of the same plants are used as in homeopathy , the method of preparation is somewhat different , with Bach flower therapies supposedly being prepared in " gentler " ways , such as placing flowers in bowls of sunlit water , and so on . 
There is no convincing scientific or clinical evidence for flower remedies being effective . 
Hops are the female flower cones , also known as strobiles , of the hop plant ( " Humulus lupulus " ) . 
Honey is a sweet fluid produced by honey bees ( and some other species ) , and derived from the nectar of flowers . 
A main effect of bees collecting nectar to make honey is pollination , which is crucial for flowering plants . 
Leaving the hive , they collect sugar-rich flower nectar and return . 
The specific composition of any batch of honey will depend largely on the mix of flowers available to the bees that produced the honey . 
Honeys can be from specific types of flower nectars , from indeterminate origin , or can be blended after collection . 
Polyfloral honey , also known as wildflower honey , is derived from the nectar of many types of flowers . 
Monofloral honey is made primarily from the nectar of one type of flower . 
In order to produce monofloral honey beekeepers keep beehives in an area where the bees have access to only one type of flower . 
In practice , because of the difficulties in containing bees , a small proportion of any honey will be from additional nectar from other flower types . 
Some typical European examples include thyme , thistle , heather , acacia , dandelion , sunflower , honeysuckle , and varieties from lime and chestnut trees . 
Bees collecting this resource also have to be fed protein supplements , as honeydew lacks the protein-rich pollen accompaniment gathered from flowers . 
Honey produced from the flowers of rhododendrons , mountain laurels , sheep laurel , and azaleas may cause honey intoxication . 
Most of Mexico 's Yucatán producers are small , family operations who use original traditional techniques , moving hives to take advantage of the various tropical and sub-tropical flowers . 
Many species flower at this time . 
After the rainy season begins , there are still plenty of flowers but the bees have a difficult time traveling for nectar and producing the honey because of the weather conditions . 
The first was called " Sunflower to the sun " ISBN 0-7981-1228-X ( Human & Rousseau , 1976 ) , followed by " Herman Charles Bosman , a Pictorial Biography " ISBN 0-628-02148-8 ( Perskor , 1981 ) and most recently by " Herman Charles Bosman : Between the Lines " ISBN 1-77007-163-6 ( Struik , 2005 ) . 
The early modern period is seen as a flowering of the Renaissance , in what is often known as the Scientific Revolution , viewed as a foundation of modern science . 
This secession of one-third of the society , consisting mostly of the flower of young manhood and young womanhood who did not want to maintain the custom of celibacy , broke Frederick 's heart . 
Hashish is made from tetrahydrocannabinol-rich glandular hairs known as trichomes , as well as varying amounts of cannabis flower and leaf fragments . 
The flowers of a mature female plant contain the most trichomes , though trichomes are found on other parts of the plant . 
" Finger hash " is produced by rolling the ripe trichome-covered flowers of the plant between the fingers and collecting the resin that sticks to the fingers . 
Of herbs , if any , to use as an aid to this minimal burning technique , hops ( Humulus lupulus ) flowers , ground to a fine particle size in a mesh-16 screen strainer , are the most delicate and interfere least with perceiving the taste of the hashish . 
Mild species include various flowers , basil , catnip ( Nepeta cataria ) , damiana , dandelion , ginseng ( leaf ) , lemon balm ( melissa ) , marjoram , parsley , savory , tarragon , thyme , uva ursi ( kinnickinnick ) . 
He was born in Fremont , Nebraska on April 6th , 1903 , the son of Frank Eugene Edgerton , a descendent of Governor William Bradford ( 1590-1657 ) of the Plymouth Colony and a passenger on the Mayflower and Mary Nettie Coe . 
One of eighteen megadiverse countries , it is home to 7.6 % of all mammalian , 12.6 % of all avian , 6.2 % of all reptilian , 4.4 % of all amphibian , 11.7 % of all fish , and 6.0 % of all flowering plant species . 
Indrids are strict vegetarians , eating mostly leaves , fruits and flowers . 
The National Fruit Collection at Brogdale can supply grafts from their tree , which appears identical to Flower of Kent , a coarse-fleshed cooking variety . 
" The flowering of the natural sciences had led to an understanding of how data reaches the brain . 
Today , many newlyweds bring flowers to the mausoleum . 
Italy is the third largest producer of wine in the world and one of the leading in olive oil , fruits ( apples , oranges , lemons , pears , apricots , peaches , cherries , strawberries , kiwi ) , flowers and vegetables . 
Some include : niacin , zinc , copper , Korean red ginseng root , ginkgo , pine bark , " Tribulus terrestris " , arginine , " Avena sativa " , horny goat weed , maca root , muira puama , saw palmetto , and Swedish flower pollen . 
Stephen Baxter 's story " Mayflower II " ( in the collection " Resplendent " ) explores both of these risks as does Robert A. Heinlein 's two-part 1941 novel " Orphans of the Sky " . 
More recently , researchers have succeeded in introducing the gene for human insulin into plants and in producing insulin in plants , specifically safflower . 
A number of highly-successful insect groups evolved in conjunction with flowering plants , a powerful illustration of co-evolution . 
Some pollinate flowering plants ( for example wasps , bees , butterflies , ants ) . 
The rosette formed by the overlapping pieces show a resemblance to the Frangipani flower . 
After Irsay agreed to the deal , the Indianapolis Mayor called John B. Smith , his friend , neighbor and chief executive officer of Mayflower Transit , and 15 trucks were dispatched to the team 's Owings Mills , Maryland training complex at 2:00 AM on March 29 because it was feared the franchise would be seized early the following morning . 
Each of the Mayflower trucks took a slightly different route on the way to Indianapolis . 
Since the Celtic year was based on both lunar and solar cycles , it is most likely that the holiday would be celebrated on the full moon nearest the midpoint between the winter solstice and vernal equinox , or when the primroses , dandelions , or other spring flowers rise up through the snow , or when the sun aligned with the passage tombs among the pre-Celtic megaliths . 
A competition in 2002 named the Pyramidal Orchid as the Isle of Wight 's county flower . 
A thorough examination of the suite of five pieces shows what Albéniz biographer Walter Aaron Clark describes as the âfirst flowering of his unique creative geniusâ , and the beginnings of compositional exploration that became the hallmark of his later works . 
Forms of genomic imprinting have been demonstrated in insects , mammals and flowering plants . 
The control of expression of specific genes by genomic imprinting is unique to placental mammals ( eutherians and marsupials ) and flowering plants . 
Decades after imprinting was demonstrated in the mouse , a similar phenomenon was observed in flowering plants ( angiosperms ) . 
During fertilisation of the embryo in flowers , a second separate fertilisation event gives rise to the endosperm , an extraembryonic structure that nourishes the seed similar to the mammalian placenta . 
In some paintings the cherubim are holding lilies and roses , flowers often associated with Mary . 
A November 1993 survey by the Cultural Affairs Agency found that more Japanese had sung karaoke that year than had participated in traditional cultural pursuits such as flower arranging or tea ceremony . 
But in the second edition of his " Methodus " ( 1704 ) he followed Rivinus and Joseph Pitton de Tournefort in taking the flower instead of the fruit as his basis of classification : he was no longer a fructicist but a corollist . 
Farmers and growers often sell surplus food and flowers in boxes on the roadside , relying on the honesty of those who pass to drop the correct change into the money box and take what they want . 
The famous French writer , Victor Hugo , lived in exile in Jersey from 1852 to 1855. The Island is particularly famous for the Battle of Flowers , a carnival held annually since 1902. Annual music festivals include Rock in the Park , Avanchi presents Jazz in July , Jersey Live , the music section of the Jersey Eisteddfod . 
Potatoes , cauliflower , tomatoes , and flowers are important export crops , shipped mostly to the United Kingdom . 
The June birth flower is the rose , or the honeysuckle , as roses and honeysuckles bloom throughout June . 
" For quite a time she did not stir , staring straight before her as if watching the vision of some pageant passing through the garden in the deep , rich glow of light and the splendour of flowers . 
" Some critics consider him " fluent to a fault , " others " question the depth and seriousness of his concerns " due to the supposed floweriness of his language , and some " object to Updike 's portrayal of women , viewed by some as specious and misogynistic . 
The name of the album was taken from a species of freesia flowers that Lennon had seen in the Bermuda Botanical Gardens . 
When he was stationed at Kingston upon Hull , he and Edith went walking in the woods at nearby Roos , and Edith began to dance for him in a clearing among the flowering hemlock : We walked in a wood where hemlock was growing , a sea of white flowers . 
The French word " sauvage " means " wild " , as in " a wild flower " , and does not have the connotations of fierceness or brutality that the word " savage " does in English , though in the eighteenth century the English word was closer in connotation to the French one . 
John Alden ( 1599âSeptember 22 , 1687 ) is said to be the first passenger of " The Mayflower " to set foot on Plymouth Rock in 1620. He was a ship-carpenter by trade and a cooper for " The Mayflower " , that was usually docked at Southampton . 
He was also one of the founders of the Plymouth Colony and the seventh signer of the Mayflower Compact . 
He was hired to repair " The Mayflower " while she lay at Southampton , England . 
John Alden was the last male survivor of the signers of the Mayflower Compact of 1620 , and with the exception of Mary Allerton , he was the last survivor of the Mayflower 's company . 
Another theory is that John Alden came from Harwich , England where there are records of an Alden family who were related by marriage to Christopher Jones , the Mayflower 's captain . 
" Puja " is a specifically Jain concept , arising from the Kannada words , " pu " ( flower ) and " ja " ( offering ) . 
Under the spell of the Beatles ' newly-released " Sgt. Pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club Band " LP and the underground/ flower-power scene , John Peel brought 1967 hippy culture to a generation of young British listeners . 
The animation of Thurber 's cartoons on " My World and Welcome to It " led to the 1972 Jack Lemmon film " The War Between Men and Women " , which concludes with an animated rendering of Thurber 's classic anti-war work " The Last Flower . 
Bananas are plentiful , also dates and flowers of fragrant odor . 
Charles Rosen has argued that this assertion on Haydn 's part was not just sales talk , but meant quite seriously ; and he points out a number of important advances in Haydn 's compositional technique that appear in these quartets , advances that mark the advent of the Classical style in full flower . 
His literary works include " The Careless Flower " , " The Amaranthers " ( much admired by Beckett ) , and " The Charmed Life " . 
There are 209 native species of vascular plants in the Juan Fernandez Islands , approximately 150 of which are flowering plants , and 50 are ferns . 
Smaller species were usually placed on branches with berries , fruit , and flowers . 
While he cultivated a cavalier image ( red-lined gray cape , yellow sash , hat cocked to the side with a peacock feather , red flower in his lapel , often sporting cologne ) , his serious work made him the trusted eyes and ears of Robert E. Lee 's army and inspired Southern morale . 
After bathing in the spring of Ida , each attempted with her powers to bribe Paris ; Hera offered to make him king of Europe and Asia , Athena offered wisdom and skill in war , and Aphrodite , who had the Charites and the Horai to enhance her charms with flowers and song ( according to a fragment of the " Cypria " quoted by Athenagoras ) , offered the love of the world 's most beautiful woman ( Euripides , " Andromache " , l.284 , " Helena " l. 676 ) . 
Furthermore , alkyds can cause delamination of paint layers when combined with drying oils such as linseed , walnut and safflower oils--all of them used as the primary vehicle in oil paint . 
Other artists who recorded Mitchell songs in the early years were Buffy Sainte-Marie ( " The Circle Game " ) , Dave Van Ronk ( " Both Sides Now " ) , and eventually Judy Collins ( " Both Sides Now " , a top ten hit , included on her 1967 album " Wildflowers " ) . 
A Flowering Tree ( 2006 ) : An opera in two acts , based on a folktale from the Kannada language of southern India as translated by A. K. Ramanujan . 
Tito was buried in a mausoleum in Belgrade , called Kua Cvea ( " The House of Flowers " ) and numerous people visit the place as a shrine to " better times " . 
Depending on the distance between where the loop is drawn through the fabric and where it is knitted , dip stitches can produce a subtle stippling or long lines across the surface of the fabric , e. g. , the lower leaves of a flower . 
For example , differently colored leaves and petals of a flower could be knit separately and applied to form the final picture . 
Residents on Kikaijima island , east of Amami Lshima , say that pilots from suicide mission units dropped flowers from the air as they departed on their final missions . 
According to legend , the hills above Kikaijima airport have beds of cornflower that bloom in early May . 
Tourism is now Kenya 's largest foreign exchange earning sector , followed by flowers , tea , and coffee . 
Today , Kansas is one of the most productive agricultural states , producing many crops , and leading the nation in wheat , sorghum , and sunflower production most years . 
The land displays a gradual slope up from east to west ; its altitude above the sea ranges from along the Verdigris River at Coffeyville in Montgomery County , to at Mount Sunflower , one half mile from the Colorado border , in Wallace County . 
During the initial incursion the U. S. soldiers were greeted by Albanians cheering and throwing flowers as U. S. soldiers and KFOR rolled through their villages . 
A number of foods have been avoided while eating pork including Chinese bellflower ( " doraji " , ëëì ) and lotus root ( " yeonn ppuri " , ìëë ) as the combinations have been thought to cause diarrhea . 
Several types of wild greens , known collectively as " chwinamul " ( such as " Aster scaber " ) , are a popular dish , and other wild vegetables such as bracken fern shoots ( " gosari " ) or Korean bellflower root ( " doraji " ) are also harvested and eaten in season . 
Other places of interest include Kabul City Center , which is Kabul 's first shopping mall , the shops around Flower Street and Chicken Street , Wazir Akbar Khan district , Babur Gardens , Kabul Golf Club , Kabul Zoo , Shah Do Shamshera and other famous Mosques , the Afghan National Gallery , Afghan National Archive , Afghan Royal Family Mausoleum , the OMAR Mine Museum , Bibi Mahroo Hill , Kabul Cemetery , and Paghman Gardens . 
Later that year , Judge Richard Fred Suhrheinrich , writing for the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals in the case of " ACLU of Kentucky v. Mercer County " , wrote that a display including the Mayflower Compact , the Declaration of Independence , the Ten Commandments , the Magna Carta , " The Star-Spangled Banner " , and the national motto could be erected in the Mercer County courthouse . 
The state also accounts for 75 % of India 's floriculture , an upcoming industry which supplies flowers and ornamental plants worldwide . 
The Indian roller and the Indian elephant are recognized as the state bird and animal while sandalwood and the lotus are recognized as the state tree and flower respectively . 
By this time , Dalglish had added England internationals Tim Flowers and David Batty to his growing squad . 
The kabuki stage features a projection called a hanamichi ( èé ; literally , flower path ) , a walkway which extends into the audience and via which dramatic entrances and exits are made . 
Kohlrabi has been created by artificial selection for lateral meristem growth ; its origin in nature is the same as that of cabbage , broccoli , cauliflower , kale , collard greens , and brussels sprouts : They are all bred from , and are the same species as , the wild cabbage plant ( " Brassica oleracea " ) . 
The diet of tettigoniids includes leaves , flowers , bark , and seeds , but many species are exclusively predatory , feeding on other insects , snails or even small vertebrates such as snakes and lizards . 
The King Protea ( " Protea cynaroides " ) is a flowering plant . 
It is a distinctive " Protea " , having the largest flower head in the genus . 
In some varieties the pink of the flower and red borders of leaves are replaced by a creamy yellow . 
This unusual flower has a long vase life in flower arrangements , and makes for an excellent dried flower . 
The specific epithet " cynaroides " refers to the artichoke-like appearance of the flower-heads : the artichoke belongs to the genus " Cynara " . 
It is also known to be related to the Greek sea god Proteus who was very old just like this flower Sport . 
There is currently a political debate as to how and if the flower should be incorporated onto the national Rugby teams shirts , perhaps replacing the controversial Springbok . 
The kumquats or " 'cumquats are a group of small fruit-bearing trees in the flowering plant family Rutaceae , in the genus " Fortunella " which may better be included in " Citrus " as it is often done . 
The leaves are dark glossy green , and the flowers pure white , similar to other citrus flowers , borne singly or clustered in the leaf-axils . 
" Kalmia latifolia " , commonly called Mountain-laurel or " 'Spoonwood , is a flowering plant in the family Ericaceae , native to the eastern United States , from southern Maine south to northern Florida , and west to Indiana and Louisiana . 
Its flowers are star-shaped , ranging from red to pink to white , and occurring in clusters . 
Mountain-laurel is the state flower of Connecticut and Pennsylvania . 
It is still widely grown for its attractive flowers . 
Numerous cultivars have been selected with varying flower color . 
The green parts of the plant , the flowers , twigs , and pollen are all toxic , and symptoms of toxicity begin to appear about 6 hours following ingestion . 
However , instead of being punished by demons like the other inmates , Guan Yin played music and flowers blossomed around her . 
By the end of 1919 he 'd become famous , after his first one-man exhibition at Der Sturm gallery , June 1919 , and the publication that August of the poem " An Anna Blume " ( usually translated as 'To Anna Flower ' , or 'To Eve Blossom ' ) , a dadaist non-sensical love poem . 
This gesture is believed to have eventually led Clark to the idea of making the rose the race 's official flower . 
Were in the form of corridors connecting the Pavilion to the stables and consisting of a passage of flowers covered with glass and linked with orangery , a greenhouse , an aviary , a pheasantry and hothouses . 
Captain J. A. Grant , who reached Khartoum in 1863 with Captain Spekeâs expedition , thought that the derivation was most probably from the safflower ( Carthamus Tinctorius L. ) which is called 'Gartoon , ' and which was cultivated extensively in Egypt for its oil , used in burning . 
Given its temperate climate , it is suited for crops like asparagus , artichoke , seakale , broad beans , scarletrunners , beetroot , cauliflower and cabbage . 
An exception is the cultivar 'Issai ' , a hybrid ( " Actinidia arguta x polygama " ) from Japan , which produces perfect flowers and can self-pollinate ; unfortunately it lacks vigour , is less hardy than most " A. arguta " forms and is not a large producer . 
Kiwifruit is notoriously difficult to pollinate because the flowers are not very attractive to bees . 
Some producers blow collected pollen over the female flowers . 
But generally the most successful approach is saturation pollination , where the bee populations are made so large ( by placing hives in the orchards ) that bees are forced to use this flower because of intense competition for all flowers within flight distance . 
Born in Munich , the son of Friedrich Richard Hartmann , well known there for his flower paintings , and the youngest of four brothers of whom the elder three also became painters , Hartmann was himself torn , early in his career , between music and the visual arts . 
One subject , aged 19 at the time , reported seeing " walls melting , cracks appearing in people 's faces â eyes would run down cheeks , Salvador Dalí-type faces â a flower would turn into a slug " . 
Kamadeva is often pictured holding a bow of sugar cane and an arrow of flowers ; he may ride upon a great parrot . 
The Lavenders " Lavandula " are a genus of 39 species of flowering plants in the mint family , Lamiaceae , native to the Mediterranean region south to tropical Africa and to the southeast regions of India . 
" Lavandula intermedia " or " Lavendin " is the most cultivated species for commercial use , since its flowers are bigger and the plants are easier to harvest , but Lavendin oil is regarded to be of a lower quality . 
Flower spikes are used for dried flower arrangements . 
The fragrant , pale purple flowers and flower buds are used in potpourris . 
The plant is also grown commercially for extraction of lavender oil from the flowers . 
Lavender flowers yield abundant nectar which yields a high-quality honey for beekeepers . 
Lavender flowers can be candied and are sometimes used as cake decorations . 
Lavender flowers are occasionally sold in a blend with black , green , or herbal tea , adding a fresh , relaxing scent and flavour . 
For most cooking applications it is the dried buds ( also referred to as flowers ) of lavender that are used , though some chefs experiment with the leaves as well . 
Lavender is frequently used as an aid to sleep and relaxation : Seeds and flowers of the plant are added to pillows , and an infusion of three flowerheads added to a cup of boiling water are recommended as a soothing and relaxing bedtime drink . 
Lavender was one of the holy herbs used in the biblicle Temple to prepare the holy essence , and Nard is mentioned in the Song of Solomon ( 4,14 ) with every kind of incense tree , During Roman times , flowers were sold for 100 " denarii " per pound , which was about the same as a month 's wages for a farm labourer , or fifty haircuts from the local barber . 
At the end of the summer , little white flowers full of nectar appear . 
Liliales is an order of monocotyledonous flowering plants . 
The Laurales are an order of flowering plants . 
The order Lamiales is a taxon in the asterid group of dicotyledonous flowering plants . 
This flowering of Islamic learning ceased centuries later when learning began declining in the Islamic world , after many of these libraries were destroyed by Mongol invasions . 
The remainder of the 19th century saw a relative period of stability , as Islamic , Druze and Maronite groups focused on economic and cultural development which saw the founding of the American University of Beirut and a flowering of literary and political activity associated with the attempts to liberalize the Ottoman Empire . 
In the spring , the countryside is a riot of wildflowers and blossoms . 
In the industrial south , among the abandoned quarries and deserted open pit mines , nature has reclaimed her own , and there are flowers everywhere . 
Older students mentored younger ones , called on them socially , took them to all-women dances , sent them flowers , cards , and poems that declared their undying love for each other . 
The original family name is " 'Labiatae , so given because the flowers typically have petals fused into an upper lip and a lower lip . 
The flowers are bilaterally symmetrical with 5 united petals , 5 united sepals . 
They are usually bisexual and verticillastrate ( a flower cluster that looks like a whorl of flowers but actually consists of two crowded clusters ) . 
Most vegetable oils are rich in linoleic acid ( safflower , sunflower , and corn oils ) . 
Cool onshore winds also retards early bloom of plants and flowers until later in the spring season , protecting them from possible frost damage . 
Yone Noguchi is quoted as saying about Hearn , " His Greek temperament and French culture became frost-bitten as a flower in the North . 
( " flower " ) , and " pax , pacis " fem . 
Her first book was " Flower Fables " ( 1855 ) , a book of tales originally written for Ellen Emerson , daughter of Ralph Waldo Emerson . 
Common ones include high oleic canola oil , castor oil , palm oil , sunflower seed oil and rapeseed oil from vegetable , and Tall oil from animal sources . 
To celebrate the Golden Jubilee of Queen Elizabeth II in 2002 , the conservation charity Plantlife organised a competition to choose county flowers ; the sea-holly was Liverpool 's final choice . 
Even when the wall was repainted by some authorities , on the second day it was again full of poems and flowers . 
Many of these native species , such as the Los Angeles sunflower , have become so rare as to be considered endangered . 
Though they are not native to the area , the official tree of Los Angeles is the tropical Coral Tree and the official flower of Los Angeles is the Bird of Paradise , " Strelitzia reginae " . 
The full flowering of the medieval labyrinth design came about during the twelfth and thirteenth centuries with the grand pavement labyrinths of the gothic cathedrals , most notably Chartres , Reims and Amiens in northern France and the Duomo di Siena in Tuscany . 
Lyon & Healy produces one of the most ornate and elaborate harps in the world , the Louis XV , which includes carvings of leaves , flowers , scrolls , and shells along its neck and kneeblock , as well the soundboard edges . 
Night blooming flowers that depend on moths for pollination may be affected by night lighting , as there is no replacement pollinator that would not be affected by the artificial light . 
And in wine , he would mix in some sleeping pills ... " Afterwards he would drop off his charge and the chauffeur would give them a bouquet of flowers . 
One pregnant victim , having refused his advances , was accidentally given the flowers . 
This alleged practice got the name " Beria 's Flower Game " . 
Many felt " that 'the flower of youth ' and the 'best of the nation ' had been destroyed " , for example such notable casualties as the poets Isaac Rosenberg , Rupert Brooke and Wilfred Owen . 
After Connor 's death at the conclusion of the " Infinite Crisis " , Luthor is shown visiting a memorial statue of Connor in Metropolis and placing flowers there . 
A liqueur is an alcoholic beverage that has been flavored with fruit , herbs , nuts , spices , flowers , or cream and bottled with added sugar . 
Some liqueurs are prepared by infusing certain woods , fruits , or flowers , in either water or alcohol , and adding sugar or other items . 
The rose and poppy are her flower ; for where Is he not found , O Lilith , whom shed scent And soft-shed kisses and soft sleep shall snare ? 
Greek musical literacy created a flowering of development ; Greek music theory included the Greek musical modes , eventually became the basis for Western religious music and classical music . 
Maryland 's state flower , the Black-eyed Susan , grows in abundance in wild flower groups throughout the state where it often becomes a favorite of the state insect , the Baltimore Checkerspot Butterfly . 
Manitoba entered Confederation on July 15 , 1870. Its provincial flower is the Prairie Crocus , its provincial bird is the Great Grey Owl , and its provincial tree is the White Spruce . 
Manitoba is the nation 's largest producer of sunflower seed and dry beans ; and one of the leading potato producers . 
Altona is the " sunflower capitol of Canada " . 
Manitoba is the nation 's largest producer of sunflower seed and dry beans ; and one of the leading potato producers . 
Altona is the " sunflower capital of Canada " . 
" Mentha " ( mint ) is a genus of about 25 species ( and many hundreds of varieties ) of flowering plants in the family Lamiaceae ( Mint Family ) . 
The flowers are produced in clusters ( 'verticils ' ) on an erect spike , white to purple , the corolla two-lipped with four subequal lobes , the upper lobe usually the largest . 
Marjoram is cultivated for its aromatic leaves , either green or dry , for culinary purposes ; the tops are cut as the plants begin to flower and are dried slowly in the shade . 
The flowering leaves and tops of Marjoram are steam distilled to produce an essential oil that is yellowish in color ( darkening to brown as it ages ) . 
It is a perennial common in southern Europe in dry copses and on hedge-banks , with many stout stems 30-80 cm high , bearing short-stalked somewhat ovate leaves and clusters of purple flowers . 
</text> <text  Flowering plant . 
The flowering plants or " 'angiosperms ( " 'Angiospermae or " 'Magnoliophyta ) are the most widespread group of land plants . 
The flowering plants and the gymnosperms are the only extant groups of seed plants . 
The flowering plants are distinguished from other seed plants by a series of apomorphies , or derived characteristics . 
The flowers , which are the reproductive organs of flowering plants , are the most remarkable feature distinguishing them from other seed plants . 
Flowers aid angiosperms by enabling a wider range of evolutionary relationships and broadening the ecological niches open to them . 
This has allowed flowering plants to largely dominate terrestrial ecosystems . 
The reduced female gametophyte , like the reduced male gametophyte , may be an adaptation allowing for more rapid seed set , eventually leading to such flowering plant adaptations as annual herbaceous life cycles , allowing the flowering plants to fill even more niches . 
The major exception to the dominance of terrestrial ecosystems by flowering plants is the coniferous forest . 
The first seed bearing plants , like the ginkgo , and conifers ( such as pines and firs ) , did not produce flowers . 
The earliest fossil of an angiosperm , or flowering plant , " Archaefructus liaoningensis " , is dated to about 125 million years BP ( the Cretaceous period ) . 
Pollen , considered directly linked to flower development , has been found in the fossil record perhaps as long ago as 130 million years . 
While the fossil evidence so far shows us such flowers existing only about 130 million years ago , there is some circumstantial evidence that they may have existed 250 million years ago . 
A chemical used by plants to defend their flowers , oleanane , has been detected in fossil plants from that age . 
This includes gigantopterids , which evolved at that time and bear many of the traits of modern , flowering plants ( though they are not known to be flowering plants themselves because only their stems and prickles have been found preserved in detail ) . 
The apparently sudden appearance of relatively modern flowers in the fossil record posed such a problem for the theory of evolution that it was called an " abominable mystery " by Charles Darwin . 
Several groups of extinct gymnosperms , particularly seed ferns , have been proposed as the ancestors of flowering plants but there is no continuous fossil evidence showing exactly how flowers evolved . 
The relationship of the earlier gigantopterids to flowering plants is still enigmatic . 
Recent DNA analysis ( molecular systematics ) show that " Amborella trichopoda " , found on the Pacific island of New Caledonia , belongs to a sister group of the other flowering plants , and morphological studies suggest that it has features which may have been characteristic of the earliest flowering plants . 
It is generally assumed that the function of flowers , from the start , was to involve mobile animals in their reproduction processes . 
That is , pollen can be scattered even if the flower is not brightly colored or oddly shaped in a way that attracts animals ; however , by expending the energy required to create such traits , angiosperms can enlist the aid of animals and thus reproduce more efficiently . 
Island genetics provides one proposed explanation for the sudden , fully developed appearance of flowering plants . 
Flowering plants may have evolved in an isolated setting like an island or island chain , where the plants bearing them were able to develop a highly specialized relationship with some specific animal ( a wasp , for example ) . 
Fruit , which is formed by the enlargement of flower parts , is frequently a seed-dispersal tool which attracts animals to eat or otherwise disturb it , incidentally scattering the seeds it contains ( see frugivory ) . 
While many such mutualistic relationships remain too fragile to survive competition and spread widely , flowering proved to be an unusually effective means of reproduction , spreading ( whatever its origin ) to become the dominant form of land plant life . 
Flower ontogeny uses a combination of genes normally responsible for forming new shoots . 
The most primitive flowers are thought to have had a variable number of flower parts , often separate from ( but in contact with ) each other . 
The flowers would have tended to grow in a spiral pattern , to be bisexual ( in plants , this means both male and female parts on the same flower ) , and to be dominated by the ovary ( female part ) . 
As flowers grew more advanced , some variations developed parts fused together , with a much more specific number and design , and with either specific sexes per flower or plant , or at least " ovary inferior " . 
Flower evolution continues to the present day ; modern flowers have been so profoundly influenced by humans that some of them cannot be pollinated in nature . 
Many modern , domesticated flowers used to be simple weeds , which only sprouted when the ground was disturbed . 
This included flowering plants possessing seeds enclosed in capsules , distinguished from his Gymnospermae , or flowering plants with achenial or schizo-carpic fruits , the whole fruit or each of its pieces being here regarded as a seed and naked . 
From that time onwards , so long as these Gymnosperms were , as was usual , reckoned as dicotyledonous flowering plants , the term Angiosperm was used antithetically by botanical writers , with varying scope , as a group-name for other dicotyledonous plants . 
In 1851 , Hofmeister discovered the changes occurring in the embryo-sac of flowering plants , and determined the correct relationships of these to the Cryptogamia . 
This fixed the position of Gymnosperms as a class distinct from Dicotyledons , and the term Angiosperm then gradually came to be accepted as the suitable designation for the whole of the flowering plants other than Gymnosperms , including the classes of Dicotyledons and Monocotyledons . 
In most taxonomies , the flowering plants are treated as a coherent group . 
The most popular descriptive name has been Angiospermae ( Angiosperms ) , with Anthophyta ( " flowering plants " ) a second choice . 
The Reveal system treated flowering plants as subdivision Magnoliophytina ( Frohne & U. Jensen ex Reveal , Phytologia 79 : 70 1996 ) , but later split it to Magnoliopsida , Liliopsida and Rosopsida . 
A general consensus about how the flowering plants should be arranged has recently begun to emerge , through the work of the Angiosperm Phylogeny Group , who published an influential reclassification of the angiosperms in 1998. An update incorporating more recent research was published as APG II in 2003. Traditionally , the flowering plants are divided into two groups , which in the Cronquist system are called " Magnoliopsida " ( at the rank of class , formed from the family name " Magnoliacae " ) and " Liliopsida " ( at the rank of class , formed from the family name " Liliaceae " ) . 
The name " eudicots " is formed combining " dicot " with the prefix " eu- " ( from Greek , for " well , " or " good , " botanically indicating " true " ) , as the eudicots share the characters traditionally attributed to the dicots , such as flowers with four or five parts ( four or five petals , four or five sepals ) . 
Flowering plant diversity . 
The number of species of flowering plants is estimated to be in the range of 250,000 to 400,000 . 
The number of families in APG ( 1998 ) was 462. In APG II ( 2003 ) it is not settled ; at maximum it is 457 , but within this number there are 55 optional segregates , so that the minimum number of families in this system is 402. The diversity of flowering plants is not evenly distributed . 
The remaining 5 clades contain a little over 250 species in total , i. e. , less than 0.1 % of flowering plant diversity , divided among 9 families . 
The most diverse families of flowering plants , in their APG circumscriptions , in order of number of species , are : In the list above ( showing only the 10 largest families ) , the Orchidaceae , Poaceae , Cyperaceae and Araceae are monocot families ; the others are dicot families . 
The amount and complexity of tissue-formation in flowering plants exceeds that of Gymnosperms . 
Flowers . 
The characteristic feature of angiosperms is the flower . 
Flowers show remarkable variation in form and elaboration , and provide the most trustworthy external characteristics for establishing relationships among angiosperm species . 
The function of the flower is to ensure fertilization of the ovule and development of fruit containing seeds . 
Occasionally , as in violets , a flower arises singly in the axil of an ordinary foliage-leaf . 
More typically , the flower-bearing portion of the plant is sharply distinguished from the foliage-bearing or vegetative portion , and forms a more or less elaborate branch-system called an inflorescence . 
The reproductive cells produced by flowers are of two kinds . 
The flower may consist only of these parts , as in willow , where each flower comprises only a few stamens or two carpels . 
The individual members of these surrounding structures are known as sepals and petals ( or tepals in flowers such as " Magnolia " where sepals and petals are not distinguishable from each other ) . 
The outer series ( calyx of sepals ) is usually green and leaf-like , and functions to protect the rest of the flower , especially the bud . 
Attraction is effected by color , scent , and nectar , which may be secreted in some part of the flower . 
The characteristics that attract pollinators account for the popularity of flowers and flowering plants among humans . 
While the majority of flowers are perfect or hermaphrodite ( having both male and female parts in the same flower structure ) , flowering plants have developed numerous morphological and physiological mechanisms to reduce or prevent self-fertilization . 
Heteromorphic flowers have short carpels and long stamens , or vice versa , so animal pollinators cannot easily transfer pollen to the pistil ( receptive part of the carpel ) . 
Homomorphic flowers may employ a biochemical ( physiological ) mechanism called self-incompatibility to discriminate between self- and non-self pollen grains . 
In other species , the male and female parts are morphologically separated , developing on different flowers . 
Frequently the influence of fertilization is felt beyond the ovary , and other parts of the flower take part in the formation of the fruit , e. g. the floral receptacle in the apple , strawberry and others . 
Flowering plants also provide economic resources in the form of wood , paper , fiber ( cotton , flax , and hemp , among others ) , medicines ( digitalis , camphor ) , decorative and landscaping plants , and many other uses . 
Malvales is the name of an order of flowering plants . 
The Myrtales are an order of flowering plants placed as a basal group within the rosid group of dicotyledons ( not a member of eurosids Ior eurosids II ) . 
The Malpighiales are a large order of flowering plants , included in the group named " 'eurosids I in the recent APG classification . 
These informal workers often sell drivers cigarettes , fruit , newspapers and flowers at the congested traffic lights , or entertain tourists for tips , such as fire-spitters . 
If bad weather occurs during flowering , the Merlot vine is prone to develop coulure . 
She described Malden as containing " a little settlement fronted by a big wooden pier , and a desolate plain of low greyish-green herbage , relieved here and there by small bushes bearing insignificant yellow flowers " . 
The story concerns Eliza Doolittle , a Cockney flower girl who takes speech lessons from professor Henry Higgins so that she can pass as a lady . 
Eliza Doolittle , a Cockney flower girl , runs into young Freddie . 
She leaves them together , and Eliza explains that he has always treated her as a flower girl , but she learned to be a lady because Colonel Pickering treated her like a lady . 
Other significant dietary sources include green beans , eggs , sunflower seeds , wheat flour , lentils , and cereal grain . 
Molybdenum powder is used as a fertilizer for some plants , such as cauliflower . 
Modern industries , however , did not take off until the 1970s when the textiles and garments industry was rising rapidly , while other light industries such as plastics , electronics , toys , and artificial flowers also experienced respectable growth . 
Due to high levels of salt in the soil near the beach , vegetation is limited there to a few plants such as shrubs , flowering plants , and small hedges . 
potatoes , cauliflower , grapes , wheat , barley , tomatoes , citrus , cut flowers , green peppers ; pork , milk , poultry , eggs 1 euro = 100 cent since 1 January 2008 previously 1 Maltese lira = 100 cents ; Maltese liri ( LM ) per US$1 - 0.4086 ( January 2000 ) , 0.3994 ( 1999 ) , 0.3885 ( 1998 ) , 0.3857 ( 1997 ) , 0.3604 ( 1996 ) , 0.3529 ( 1995 ) Irrevocably fixed conversion rate to the euro : Maltese liri ( LM ) per EUR1 - 0.4293 ( 2007 ) 
real exchange rate - US$9.61 billion ( in 2006 ) real exchange rate - US$23,931 ( in 2006 ) Household income or consumption by percentage share : agriculture 10 % , industry 17 % , services 73 % ( 1997 ) $2.5 billion , including capital expenditures of $140 million ( 1996 ) construction , rum , cement , petroleum refining , sugar , tourism pineapples , avocados , bananas , flowers , vegetables , sugarcane refined petroleum products , bananas , rum , pineapples petroleum products , crude oil , foodstuffs , construction materials , vehicles , clothing and other consumer goods France 62 % , Venezuela 6 % , Germany 4 % , Italy 4 % , US 3 % ( 1997 ) $NA ; note - substantial annual aid from France 1 euro ( â ) = 100 cents euros per US$1 - 0.9867 ( January 2000 ) , 0.9386 ( 1999 ) ; French francs ( F ) per US$1 - 5.65 ( January 1999 ) , 5.8995 ( 1998 ) , 5.8367 ( 1997 ) , 5.1155 ( 1996 ) , 4.9915 ( 1995 ) 
In order to acquire captives in times of peace , the Aztec resorted to a form of " ritual warfare " , or flower war . 
The soil becomes less fertile toward the south but can still support grape and sunflower production . 
It is also known for its sunflower seeds , walnuts , apples , and other fruits . 
Table 1. " Moldovan Real GDP Growth and CPI Inflation " , 2006â09 ( Percent ) Table 2. " Moldova : External and Fiscal Balances , Government Debt " , 2006â08 ( Percent ) Household income or consumption by percentage share : Distribution of family income - Gini index : vegetables , fruits , wine , grain , sugar beets , sunflower seed , tobacco ; beef , milk mineral products and fuel , machinery and equipment , chemicals , textiles ( 2000 ) Reserves of foreign exchange & gold : 
The country exports citrus fruits and early vegetables to the European market ; its wine industry is developed , and production of commercial crops ( cotton , sugarcane , sugar beets , and sunflowers ) is expanding . 
In another experiment , normal subjects and autistic subjects interpreted ideological and religious sayings ( for example , " Let a thousand flowers bloom " or " To everything there is a season " ) . 
Autistics showed a significant tendency to closely paraphrase and repeat content from the original statement ( for example : " Do n't cut flowers before they bloom " ) . 
Some have argued that insects diversified with angiosperms because insect anatomy , especially the mouth parts , seems particularly well-suited for flowering plants . 
Magnoliales is an order of flowering plants . 
A number of one-flowered nodding peduncles spring from the neck bearing whitish-green flowers , nearly 2 inches broad , which produce globular , succulent , orange to red berries , resembling small tomatoes , which ripen in late spring . 
Musashi 's metaphor for Strategy is that of the Bulb and the flower , similar to western philosophy of " The chicken or the egg " , the " bulb " being the student , the " flower " being the technique . 
Musashi writes , " In this kind of Way of strategy , both those teaching and those learning the way are concerned with coloring and showing off their technique , trying to hasten the bloom of the flower " ( as opposed to the actual harmony between strategy and Skill . 
These 40 cards , numbered 1 to 9 in four different suits along with four extra flower cards , are quite similar to the numbering of Mahjong tiles today . 
Points for flower tiles ( each flower is worth 1 point ) may not be added until the player has scored 8 points . 
Mahjong tiles are split into these categories : suits , honor and flowers . 
) Flower . 
The 4 tiles below are flower tiles that represent plum , orchid , Chrysanthemum , and bamboo , the four noble plants of Confucian reckoning . 
These winds are also significant as winds are often associated with a member of a Flower tile group , typically 1 with East , 2 with South , 3 with West , and 4 with North . 
Flower tiles . 
Flower tiles , when dealt or drawn , must be immediately replaced by a tile from the dead wall , or if no dead wall exists , the back end of the wall . 
At the start of each round , where two or more players may have flower tiles , flower tiles are replaced starting with the dealer and moving to the right . 
Flower tiles may or may not have point value ; and in some variations , possession of all the flower tiles wins the round regardless of the actual contents of the hand . 
In American Mahjong , however , Flower tiles are not instantly exposed and replaced , as they may be melded with other Flower tiles in the same group ( in essence , they are treated as if they were another set of honor tiles ) or be used as a requirement of a winning hand . 
Early versions of American Mahjong used Flower tiles as Joker tiles . 
Natives also stated â without Powellâs asking â that " nâyamala " ate the flowering liana , just as von Stein had been told half a century earlier . 
Programs pursued during this time include the Hundred Flowers Campaign , in which Mao indicated his supposed willingness to consider different opinions about how China should be governed . 
Authors such as Jung Chang have alleged that the Hundred Flowers Campaign was merely a ruse to root out " dangerous " thinking . 
The Hundred Flowers movement led to the condemnation , silencing , and death of many citizens , also linked to Mao 's Anti-Rightist Movement , with death tolls possibly in the millions . 
The principles of heredity were written by the Augustinian monk Gregor Mendel in 1865. Mendel discovered that by crossing white flower and purple flower plants , the result was not a hybrid offspring . 
Rather than being a mix of the two , the offspring was purple flowered . 
The dominant gene , such as the purple flower in Mendel 's plants , will hide the recessive gene , the white flower . 
When they returned , Groucho , angered by the interruption , made snide comments about the audience , including " Nacogdoches is full of roaches " and " The jackass is the flower of Tex-ass " . 
There are usually four cups : Mushroom Cup , Flower Cup , Star Cup and Special Cup . 
" Mario Kart DS " has Peach Gardens , which feature tall hedges , flowers beds that slow racers down if they drive through them , several Chain-Chomps running loose among a partial maze of hedges , and a short dirt path infested with Monty Moles . 
For example , plants can sometimes transmit somatic mutations to their descendants asexually or sexually where flower buds develop in somatically mutated parts of plants . 
The sugar lactose is found only in milk , forsythia flowers , and a few tropical shrubs . 
The earliest May Day celebrations appeared in pre-Christian Europe , with the festival of Flora the Roman Goddess of flowers , the Walpurgis Night celebrations of the Germanic countries . 
In this connection , in works of art , school skits , and so forth , Mary 's head will often be adorned with flowers . 
Fading in popularity since the late 20th century is the giving of " May baskets , " small baskets of sweets and/ or flowers , usually left anonymously on neighbours ' doorsteps . 
A model of the ship The Black Prince is covered in flowers and is taken in procession from the Quay at Millbrook to the beach at Cawsand where it is cast adrift . 
The houses in the villages are decorated with flowers and people traditionally wear red and white clothes . 
These baskets are small and usually filled with flowers or treats and left at someone 's doorstep . 
In 1844 , Sir Timothy Shelley finally died at the age of ninety , " falling from the stalk like an overblown flower " , as Mary put it . 
The numerous neighbourhood parks throughout the metro Moncton area include Bore View Park ( which overlooks the Petitcodiac River ) and the downtown Victoria Park , which features a bandshell , flower gardens , fountain , and the city 's cenotaph . 
Published in 1941 , the book proposed that Emerson , Whitman , Thoreau , Hawthorne , and Melville were the most prominent figures of a flowering of conflicted ( and mostly " pre"-Civil War ) literature important for its promulgation of democracy and the exploration of its possibilities , successes , and failures . 
Tommy Flowers of the Post Office Research Station , Dollis Hill had experience of thermionic valves ( vacuum tubes ) and built an electronic machine , the Colossus computer which was installed in the Newmanry . 
It is a popular year-round resort , noted for its Madeira wine , flowers , and embroidery artisans , as well as its New Year 's Eve celebrations that feature a spectacular fireworks show , which is the largest in the world according to the Guinness World Records . 
Clinton had previously been confronted with allegations of sexual misconduct , most notably in regard to an alleged long-term relationship with singer and former Arkansas state employee Gennifer Flowers , and an encounter with Arkansas state employee Paula Jones ( née Corbin ) . 
The flowering of the Notre Dame school of polyphony from around 1150 to 1250 corresponded to the equally impressive achievements in Gothic architecture : indeed the centre of activity was at the cathedral of Notre Dame itself . 
The period of the troubadours corresponded to the flowering of cultural life in Provence which lasted through the twelfth century and into the first decade of the thirteenth . 
Flowers native to Montana include asters , bitterroots , daisies , lupins , poppies , primroses , columbine , lilies , orchids and dryads . 
Suppose a red flower is near the crystal and the crystal takes the colour and forgets itself , thinks it is red . 
It is the person taking the colour of the flower near to it . 
We are no more bodies than the crystal is the red flower . 
During this time , a major revolutionary change was occurring within Russian poetry : the flowering of the Russian Symbolist movement , and this movement was to colour most of her later work . 
Her painting " Two Women Throwing Flowers During Carnival " was well received in the Salon of 1872 , and was purchased . 
This ecological consciousness is echoed in " Princess Mononoke " with the giant primordial forest , trees , flowers and wolves . 
The cells of higher plants ( such as the flowering plants ) lack centrioles : with microtubules forming a spindle on the surface of the nucleus and then being organized into a spindle by the chromosomes themselves , after the nuclear membrane breaks down . 
The great Swedish botanist Linnaeus named the genus Malpighia in honor of Malpighi 's work on plants ; Malpighia is the type genus for the Malpighiaceae , a family of tropical and subtropical flowering plants . 
Raceday fashion has occasionally drawn almost as much attention as the race itself , The miniskirt received worldwide publicity when model Jean Shrimpton wore one on Derby Day during Melbourne Cup week in 1965. Flowers , especially roses are an important component of the week 's racing at Flemington . 
Over 200 varieties of the fragrant flower are nurtured by a team of up to 12 gardeners . 
Each of the major racedays at Flemington has an official flower . 
Victoria Derby Day has the Corn Flower , Melbourne Cup Day is for the Yellow Rose , Oaks Day highlights the Pink Rose and Stakes Day goes to the Red Rose . 
) Pink , even with flowers , is not shunned by warriors . 
It is also legal to sell dried poppy in flower shops for use in floral arrangements . 
lists the instructions for the construction of the menorah used in the temple : 31 And thou shalt make a candlestick of pure gold : of beaten work shall the candlestick be made , even its base , and its shaft ; its cups , its knops , and its flowers , shall be of one piece with it . 
32 And there shall be six branches going out of the sides thereof : three branches of the candlestick out of the one side thereof , and three branches of the candle-stick out of the other side thereof ; 33 three cups made like almond-blossoms in one branch , a knop and a flower ; and three cups made like almond-blossoms in the other branch , a knop and a flower ; so for the six branches going out of the candlestick . 
34 And in the candlestick four cups made like almond-blossoms , the knops thereof , and the flowers thereof . 
This is the sort of composition that is most familiarly named by the name of " motet , " and the Renaissance period marked the flowering of the form . 
From 1922 to 1926 , Mitchell wrote dozens of articles , interviews , sketches , and book reviews , including interviews with silent-screen star Rudolph Valentino , high-society murderer Harry K. Thaw , and a Georgia prisoner who made artificial flowers from scraps and sold them from his cell to support his family . 
" Mimosa " can be distinguished from the large related genera , " Acacia " and " Albizia " , since its flowers have 10 or fewer stamens . 
Note that , botanically , what appears to be a single globular flower is actually a cluster of many individual ones . 
The private Catholic institutions include McGill-Toolen Catholic High School ( 1896 ) , Corpus Christi School , Little Flower Catholic School ( 1934 ) , Most Pure Heart of Mary Catholic School ( 1900 ) , Saint Dominic School ( 1961 ) , Saint Ignatius School ( 1952 ) , Saint Mary Catholic School ( 1867 ) , Saint Pius X Catholic School ( 1957 ) , and Saint Vincent DePaul Catholic School ( 1976 ) . 
A significant portion of Dutch agricultural exports are derived from fresh-cut plants , flowers , and bulbs , with the Netherlands exporting two-thirds of the world 's total . 
In painting , individual artists such as Anthony Flower worked in obscurity , either through design or neglect . 
Others included cotton , sunflower , pumpkins , tobacco , goosefoot , and sump weed . 
Top musicians who played on Nirvana sessions include : Lesley Duncan , Herbie Flowers , Billy Bremner ( later of Rockpile/ Dave Edmunds fame ) , Luther Grosvenor , Wynder K. Frogg , Clem Cattini and the full lineup of rock band Spooky Tooth . 
However , despite their name , promotional photographs on the cover of their first album wearing " flower power " style clothes that implied associations with " druggy " music and distorted acid rock-style guitars , the band actually had no associations with that style of music . 
The band reunited in 1985 , touring Europe and releasing a compilation album " Black Flower " ( Bam-Caruso , 1987 ) which contained some new material . 
( " Black Flower " had been the working title of their third album ) . 
" Secret Theatre " 1994 compiled rare tracks and demos , while " Orange and Blue " 1996 contained previously unreleased material including a tongue-in-cheek flower-power cover of Kurt Cobain 's song " Lithium " originally recorded by Cobain 's grunge band of the same name , Nirvana . 
Merged with native oral tradition and Icelandic influence this was to flower into an active period of literature production in the late 12th and early 13th centuries . 
" While he supported Chinese campaigns such as the Great Leap Forward , he saw Maoist initiatives such as the Hundred Flowers Campaign and the Cultural Revolution as destabilising and dangerous . 
The cultural flowering of Nuremberg , in the 15th and 16th centuries , made it the center of the German Renaissance . 
Less well-known by the native population is the fact their country is home to a species of plant , " ( Amborella trichopoda ) " , believed to be genetically close to the ancestor of all flowering plants , or the fact their nation boasts the largest number and diversity of conifer species in the world , per unit of geographic area ( a remarkable fact , given that conifers are usually relatively rare in tropical regions ) . 
Nigeria is covered by three types of vegetation : forests ( where there is significant tree cover ) , savannah ( insignificant tree cover , with grasses and flowers located between trees ) , and montane land . 
Nigeria is covered by three types of vegetation : forests ( where there is significant tree cover ) , savannah ( insignificant tree cover , with grasses and flowers located between trees ) , and montane land . 
The birthflower is the chrysanthemum . 
Good sources of essential fatty acids include most vegetables , nuts , seeds , and marine oils , Some of the best sources are fish , flax seed oils , soy beans , pumpkin seeds , sunflower seeds , and walnuts . 
The state is the largest producer in the U. S. of barley , sunflower seeds , spring , and durum wheat for processing , and farm-raised turkeys . 
Their final child , Rose , was born in May 1851. Hawthorne called her " my autumnal flower " . 
On 25 February 2007 , " NR-1 " , towed by " Carolyn Chouest " , arrived in Galveston , Texas , in preparation for an expedition to survey the Flower Garden Banks National Marine Sanctuary and other sites in the Gulf of Mexico . 
" Usually female , they were dressed in white , decked with garlands of flowers , but they frequently had unnatural legs , like those of a goat , donkey or cow . 
Thus the Nestorians of Persia became one of the most important routes through which a sophisticated knowledge of Greek and Roman philosophy , science , and medicine passed first into Persia ( where Nestorians became prominent in scholarship and medicine ) , and subsequently , after the area was absorbed into the Islamic empire , to the intellectual culture of Islam , where the works of Aristotle and Galen , especially , became formative influences on the development of Islamic philosophy , science , and medicine ( and from whence this knowledge would eventually begin to find its way back into Christian western Europe from about the 12th century , leading to the flowering of medieval scholastic philosophy ) . 
His soul was sent to " the darkest hell " and the narcissus flower grew where he died . 
As Pausanias also notes , yet another tale is that the Narcissus flower was created to entice Demeter 's daughter Persephone away from her companions to enable Hades to abduct her . 
/ We watch in reverence , as Narcissus is turned to a flower . 
/ A flower ? 
The Adena were able to establish " semi-permanent " villages because , apart from hunting and gathering , they domesticated plants that included squash , sunflowers , and perhaps corn . 
They subsisted on agriculture ( corn , sunflowers , beans , etc. ) supplemented by seasonal hunts . 
The flowers are purple , 3-4 mm long , produced in erect spikes . 
The leaves and flowering stems are strongly antiseptic , antispasmodic , carminative , cholagogue , diaphoretic , emmenagogue , expectorant , stimulant , stomachic and mildly tonic . 
The guilds of writers denounced the printing press as " the Devil 's Invention " , and were responsible for a 43-year lag between its invention by Johannes Gutenberg in Europe in 1450 and its introduction to the Ottoman society with the Gutenberg press in Constantinople that was established by the Sephardic Jews of Spain in 1493. Sephardic Jews migrated to the Ottoman Empire as they escaped from the Spanish Inquisition of 1492. The Tulip Era ( or " Lâle Devri " in Turkish ) , named for Sultan Ahmed III 's love of the tulip flower and its use to symbolize his peaceful reign , the Empire 's policy towards Europe underwent a shift . 
In the flowering plants , the female gametophyte , which usually gives rise to the archegonium , has been reduced to just eight cells referred to as the embryo sac inside the ovule . 
Spain also produced its own distinctive form of opera , known as zarzuela , which had two separate flowerings : one from the mid 17th century through the mid 18th century , and another beginning around 1850. During the late 18th century up until the mid-19th century , Italian opera was immensely popular in Spain , supplanting the native form . 
Herself physically of short stature and with a " voice like a carving knife , " in her early years she adorned herself in diaphanous gowns , surrounded herself with flowers and commanded salons at the Langham Hotel ( at times lying in bed ) that included soldiers , politicians , literary lights , and artists . 
In April 2008 , another operation impounded seven olive oil plants and arrested 40 people in nine provinces of northern and southern Italy for adding chlorophyll to sunflower and soybean oil and selling it as extra virgin olive oil , both in Italy and abroad . 
The small white flowers , with ten-cleft calyx and corolla , two stamens and bifid stigma , are borne generally on the last year 's wood , in racemes springing from the axils of the leaves . 
The pruning preserves the flower-bearing shoots of the preceding year , while keeping the tree low enough to allow the easy gathering of the fruit . 
Certain lepidopterous caterpillars feed on the leaves and flowers . 
The biggest sales auction of vegetables , fruits and flowers ( GASA ) in Denmark is situated here . 
The second two layers were wound curving outward to give it a full figure and its trademark flower shape . 
Here are the ratios of " n"â6 to " n"â3 fatty acids in some common oils : canola 2:1 , soybean 7:1 , olive 3â13:1 , sunflower ( no " n"â3 ) , flax 1:3 , cottonseed ( almost no " n"â3 ) , peanut ( no " n"â3 ) , grapeseed oil ( almost no " n"â3 ) and corn oil 46 to 1 ratio of " n"â6 to " n"â3 . 
Consequently , the " n"â6 to " n"â3 ratios for these oils ( i. e. olive , canola and peanut oils ) are not as significant as they are for corn , soybean and sunflower oils . 
Other oils occasionally used include poppyseed oil , walnut oil , and safflower oil . 
He began wearing his hair long and openly scorning so-called " manly " sports , and began decorating his rooms with peacock feathers , lilies , sunflowers , blue china and other " objets d'art " . 
By the 1300s the Ottoman Empire 's prosperity made manuscript works available to merchants and craftsman , and produced a flowering of miniatures which depicted pagentry , daily life , commerce , cities and stories , as well as chronicling events . 
Rousay is a 'Site of Special Scientific Interest ' with notable cliff formations and wildflower colonies , and has an RSPB bird reserve . 
They are popular and attractive garden plants , whose flowers vary greatly in color , size and form . 
Orchidaceae ( or " 'Orchid family ) is the largest family of the flowering plants ( Angiospermae ) . 
The cordate leaves of " Psychopsiella limminghei " are light brownish green with maroon-puce markings , created by flower pigments . 
The Jewel Orchid ( " Ludisia discolor " ) is grown more for its colorful leaves than its fairly inconspicuous white flowers . 
Flower . 
Orchidaceae are well known for the many structural variations in their flowers . 
Some orchids have single flowers but most have a racemose inflorescence , sometimes with a large number of flowers . 
The flowering stem can be " basal " , that is produced from the base of the tuber , like in " Cymbidium " , " apical " , meaning it grows from the apex of the main stem , like in " Cattleya " , or " axillary " , from the leaf axil , as in " Vanda " . 
As an apomorphy of the clade , orchid flowers are primitively zygomorphic ( bilaterally symmetrical ) , although in some genera like " Mormodes " , " Ludisia " , " Macodes " this kind of symmetry may be difficult to notice . 
The orchid flower , like most flowers of monocots has two whorls of sterile elements . 
The inferior ovary ( " '7 ) or the pedicel usually rotates 180 degrees , so that the labellum , goes on the lower part of the flower , thus becoming suitable to form a platform for pollinators . 
Orchid flowers with abnormal numbers of petals or lips are called " peloric " . 
Orchid flowers primitively had three stamens , but this situation is now limited to the genus " Neuwiedia " . 
The stigma ( " '9 ) is very asymmetrical as all of its lobes are bent towards the centre of the flower and lay on the bottom of the column . 
As aforementioned , the ovary is always inferior ( located behind the flower ) . 
This is why orchid flowers usually remain receptive for very long periods and why most orchids deliver pollen in a single mass ; each time pollination succeeds thousands of ovules can be fertilized . 
The flowers may produce attractive odours . 
When the pollinator enters into the flower , it touches a viscidium , which promptly sticks to its body , generally on the head or abdomen . 
While leaving the flower , it pulls the pollinium out of the anther , as it is connected to the viscidium by the caudicle or stipe . 
When the pollinator enters another flower of the same species , the pollinium has taken such position that it will stick to the stigma of the second flower , just below the rostellum , pollinating it . 
The caudicles may dry up if the flower has n't been visited by any pollinator and the pollina then fall directly on the stigma . 
Otherwise the anther may rotate and then enter the stigma cavity of the flower ( as in " Holcoglossum amesianum " ) . 
Pollination happens as the insect attempts to mate with flowers . 
Many neotropical orchids are pollinated by male orchid bees , which visit the flowers to gather volatile chemicals they require to synthesize pheromonal attractants . 
" Catasetum " , a genus discussed briefly by Darwin actually launches its viscid pollinia with explosive force when an insect touches a seta , knocking the pollinator off the flower . 
The other important use of orchids is their cultivation for the enjoyment of the flowers . 
The term " botanical orchid " loosely denotes those small flowered tropical orchids belonging to several genera ( not necessarily related to each other ) that do n't fit into the " Florist " orchid category . 
Because of their apparent ease in hybridization , they are now becoming one of the most popular cut-flowers on the market . 
Hammerstein also collaborated with Vincent Youmans ( " Wildflower " ) , Rudolf Friml ( " Rose Marie " ) , and Sigmund Romberg ( " The Desert Song " and " The New Moon " ) . 
The partnership went on to produce such classic Broadway musicals as " Carousel " , " Allegro " , " South Pacific " , " The King and I " , " Me & Juliet " , " Pipe Dream " , " Flower Drum Song " , and " The Sound of Music " as well as the musical film " State Fair " ( and its stage adaptation of the same name ) and the television musical " Cinderella " , all of which were featured in the revue " A Grand Night for Singing " . 
Many of the greatest early modern scientists and artists who broke with Scholasticism and fostered the flowering of the Renaissance , with the support of the Plato-inspired Lorenzo de Medici , saw Plato 's philosophy as the basis for progress in the arts and sciences . 
Typical loanwords from Italian include " pomidor " from pomodoro ( tomato ) , " kalafior " from cavolfiore ( cauliflower ) , " pomaraDcza " from l'arancio ( orange ) , etc. Those were introduced in the times of queen Bona Sforza ( the wife of Polish king Sigismund the Old ) who was famous for introducing Poland to Italian cuisine , especially vegetables . 
Capuchin monkeys , on the other hand , can exploit many different types of food , including fruit , leaves , flowers , buds , nectar , seeds , insects and other invertebrates , bird eggs , and small vertebrates such as birds , lizards , squirrels and bats . 
" In critic Robert Christgau 's description , " It was also a subculture that scornfully rejected the political idealism and Californian flower-power silliness of hippie myth . 
The official symbols of Puerto Rico are the bird , " Reinita mora " ( " Spindalis portoricensis " ) , the flower , " Flor de Maga " ( " Thespesia grandiflora " ) , and the tree , " Ceiba " or Kapok ( " Ceiba pentandra " ) . 
In many decks , the Queen of Clubs holds a flower . 
She is thus known as the " flower Queen " , though this design element is among the most variable ; the standard Bicycle Poker deck depicts all Queens with a flower styled according to their suit . 
Flowering plants appeared and rapidly diversified between 130 million years ago and 90 million years ago , possibly helped by coevolution with pollinating insects . 
Fossil evidence indicates that flowering plants appeared and rapidly diversified in the Early Cretaceous , between and . 
The flowers are purple , long , with a four-lobed corolla about diameter ; they are produced in whorls ( verticillasters ) around the stem , forming thick , blunt spikes . 
Flowering is from mid to late summer . 
" Peppermint flowers are large nectar producers and honey bees as well as other nectar harvesting organisms forage them heavily . 
The leaves and flowering tops are the usable portion of the plant . 
They are collected as soon as the flowers begin to open and then are carefully dried . 
Poales is a large order of flowering plants in the monocotyledons , and includes families of plants such as the grasses , bromeliads , and sedges . 
The flowers are typically small , enclosed by bracts , and arranged in an inflorescence ( except in the genus Mayaca , with solitary terminal flowers ) . 
The flowers of many species are wind pollinated ; the seeds usually contain starch . 
) While supposedly only posing as a drug user , Arctor becomes addicted to " Substance D " ( also referred to as " Slow Death , " " Death , " or " D " ) , a powerful psychoactive drug derived from a small blue flowering plant , " Mors ontologica " . 
